 
 
 
REQUEST FOR SUPPLIER 
QUALIFICATIONS 
FOR 
 
Standing Offer for Professional and Consulting Services 
and Certain Goods 
 
Continuous Onboarding Period 
 
For Invest Nova Scotia  
 
 
RSO Number:  INS2024-25-23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 2 of 29 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ................................ ................................ ................................ ............ 2 
PART 1 – INVITATION AND SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS ................................ ................................ . 3 
1.1 Invitation to Respondents ................................ ................................ ...............................  3 
1.2 RSO Contact................................ ................................ ................................ ................... 3 
1.3 Prequalification Process ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 4 
1.4 RSO Timetable ................................ ................................ ................................ ............... 4 
1.5 Submission of Responses ................................ ................................ ................................  4 
PART 2 – EVALUATION OF RESPONSES ................................ ................................ ........................... 6 
2.1 Stages of Evaluation ................................ ................................ ................................ ....... 6 
2.2 Stage I – Mandatory Submission Requirements ................................ ................................ . 6 
2.3 Stage II – Evaluation ................................ ................................ ................................ ....... 6 
2.4 Ranking and Selection ................................ ................................ ................................ ..... 7 
PART 3 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RSO PROCESS ................................ ...............................  8 
3.1 General Information and Instructions ................................ ................................ ............... 8 
3.2 Communication after Issuance of RSO ................................ ................................ .............. 9 
3.3 Notification and Debriefing ................................ ................................ ............................. 9 
3.4 Conflict of Interest and Prohibited Conduct ................................ ................................ ......10 
3.5 Confidential Information ................................ ................................ ................................ 11 
3.6 Procurement Process Non-binding ................................ ................................ ..................11 
3.7 Governing Law and Interpretation ................................ ................................ ...................11 
APPENDIX A – SUBMISSION FORM ................................ ................................ ............................... 12 
APPENDIX B – RSO PARTICULARS ................................ ................................ ................................ .15 
APPENDIX C – SAMPLE FORM OF AGREEMENT ................................ ................................ ..............24 
 
  
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 3 of 29 
 
PART 1 – INVITATION AND SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS  
1.1 Invitation to Respondents 
This Request for Supplier Qualifications, referred to hereafter as a Request for Standing Offer (“RSO”) is 
an invitation by Invest Nova Scotia  to prospective respondents to qualify in accordance with  the 
Evaluation of Responses (Part 2) for eligibility for the purpose of establishing a standing offer list  (the 
“Standing Offer”) for Professional and Consulting Services and Certain Goods as further described in the 
RSO Particulars (Appendix B) (the “Deliverables”). 
 
On May 6, 2024, an initial offering of this RSO document was issued through Bonfire and posted to the 
Nova Scotia Procurement Web Portal  (#INS2024-25-03).  This document provides the opportunity for 
additional suppliers to respond to this offering per section B.1.2 Onboarding of the original RSO. 
 
Respondents who meet the requirements for this RSO will qualify for inclusion on the Standing Offer to 
receive potential future invitations to quote on specific statements of work from Invest Nova Scotia.  In 
the event the Standing Offer user requires services  or goods from the standing offer list, Statements of 
Work (SOWs) will be issued to qualified suppliers in accordance with Invest Nova Scotia’s Procurement 
Policy. Responses to the SOWs will be reviewed and awarded based on the criteria detailed in the 
subsequent SOWs. Alternatively, Invest Nova Scotia reserves the right to issue subsequent public tender 
calls to address its requirements. 
 
SOWs will be issued on an as required basis to successful RSO respondents until July 31, 202 7. This 
Standing Offer will not guarantee a  minimum volume of work to any successful RSO respondent.  
Regardless of the date a selected respondent is added to the Standing Offer, the term for issuance of 
subsequent SOWs will expire on July 31, 2027. 
 
Invest Nova Scotia is Nova Scotia’s business development agency that works to promote economic growth 
and community economic development in the province by enabling business, innovation, sustainability 
and entrepreneurship.  
 
Invest Nova Scotia also manages over 14,400 acres of industrial real estate in Nova Scotia to accommodate 
future commercial/industrial development. 
 
Our real estate assets are diverse in nature and include multi -purpose marine facilities and greenfield 
marine industrial development sites on the deep waters of the Strait of Canso, as well as readily available 
industrial zoned building lots. 
 
We work closely with relevant regulatory approval bodies, local government partners and private 
companies to stimulate private investment resulting in economic growth for Nova Scotia.  Go to 
www.investnovascotia.ca to learn more. 
1.2 RSO Contact 
For the purposes of this procurement process, the “RSO Contact” shall be:   
 
Jennifer Dunbar, Contracts Specialist 
 
All inquiries are to be made to the RSO Contact through the Bonfire e -tendering website for this 
opportunity at: https://investnovascotia.bonfirehub.ca/opportunities/86010  
 
Respondents and their representatives are not permitted to contact any employees, officers, agents, 
elected or appointed officials or other representatives of Invest Nova Scotia, other than the RSO Contact 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 4 of 29 
 
or their designate, concerning matters regarding this RSO. Failure to adhere to this rule may result in the 
disqualification of the respondent and the rejection of the respondent’s response. 
1.3 Prequalification Process 
Responses will be evaluated in accordance with the evaluation process set out in Part 2 of the RSO. Based 
on the evaluation of responses, certain respondents will be selected for inclusion on the Standing Offer 
to receive potential future invitations to quote on specific SOWs from Invest Nova Scotia.    
1.4 RSO Timetable 
Issue Date of RSO Onboarding Period November 1, 2024 
 
Deadline for Questions N/A 
 
Submission Deadline Date/Time February 15, 2027, at 5:00pm ADT 
 
Rectification Period 7 days 
 
Notification to Respondents Respondents can typically expect notification of 
their results within two-three weeks from the date 
of their submission. 
 
  The RSO timetable is tentative only and may be changed by Invest Nova Scotia at any time. 
1.5 RSO Onboarding Period for New Respondents 
Invest Nova Scotia is initiating this continuous onboarding period for additional respondents of the initial 
RSO.  The same terms and conditions, qualifications, requirements and evaluation processes set out in 
the initial RSO document will apply to any additional respondents.   In the initial R SO, evaluation and 
selection of respondents did not occur until after the Submission Deadline. In this onboarding RSO, 
evaluation and selection of respondents will occur continuously from the Issue Date of the RSO 
Onboarding Period until the onboarding process ends on February 15, 2027. 
 
Regardless of the date a selected respondent is added to the Standing Offer, the term for issuance of 
subsequent SOWs to successful respondents will expire on July 31, 2027. 
 
There is no guarantee that any minimum volume of work will be reached for selected respondents, as 
detailed above in section 1.1. 
 
Respondents already added to the Standing Offer under the initial RSO need not reapply to this continuous 
onboarding process. 
1.6 Submission of Responses 
1.6.1 Responses to be submitted in Prescribed Format 
In electronic format , Respondents should submit their response documentation in the file 
formats as specified under the “Requested Information” through the Bonfire e-tendering website 
for this opportunity: https://investnovascotia.bonfirehub.ca/opportunities/86010 prior to the 
submission deadline as indicated in section 1.4.  
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 5 of 29 
 
1.6.2 Responses to be submitted on Time 
Responses must be submitted to the Bonfire e-tendering website as set out above in section 1.5.1 
on or before the Submission Deadline as indicated in section 1.4. Responses submitted after the 
Submission Deadline will be rejected.    
 
1.6.3 Amendment of Responses Prior to Submission Deadline 
Respondents may amend their Responses prior to the Submission Deadline by resubmitting their 
response to the Bonfire e-tendering website in the format as set out above in section 1.5.1. Any 
amendments received after the Submission Deadline will not be accepted.   
 
1.6.4 Withdrawal of Responses  
Respondents may withdraw their Responses prior to the Submission Deadline through the Bonfire 
e-tendering website. 
 
 [End of Part 1] 
  
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 6 of 29 
 
PART 2 – EVALUATION OF RESPONSES 
2.1 Stages of Evaluation 
Invest Nova Scotia will conduct the evaluation of responses in the following two stages:   
2.2 Stage I – Mandatory Submission Requirements  
Stage I will consist of a review to determine which responses comply with all of the mandatory submission 
requirements. If a response fails to satisfy all of the mandatory submission requirements, Invest Nova 
Scotia will issue the Respondent a rectification notice identifying the deficiencies and providing the 
Respondent an opportunity to rectify the deficiencies.  If the Respondent fails to satisfy the mandatory 
submission requirements within the Rectification Period, its response will be excluded from further 
consideration. The Rectification Period will begin to run from the date that Invest Nova Scotia  issues a 
rectification notice to the Respondent.  
 
The mandatory submission requirements are as follows: 
  
2.2.1 No Amendment to Forms  
Other than inserting information requested on the mandatory submission forms set out in the 
RSO, a Respondent may not make any changes to any of the forms. Any response containing any 
such changes, whether on the face of the form or elsewhere in the response, will be disqualified. 
 
2.2.2 Submission Form (Appendix A) 
Each response must include a Submission Form (Appendix A) completed and signed by an 
authorized representative of the Respondent. Respondent must include all pages of Appendix A 
- Submission Form to be considered compliant. 
2.3 Stage II – Evaluation  
Stage II will consist of the following two sub-stages: 
 
2.3.1 Mandatory Technical Requirements  
Invest Nova Scotia  will review the responses to determine whether the mandatory technical 
requirements set out in Section B.3 of the RSO Particulars (Appendix B) have been met. Questions 
or queries on the part of Invest Nova Scotia  as to whether a response has met the mandatory 
technical requirements shall be subject to the verification and clarification process set out in Part 
3.  If the Respondent fails to satisfy the mandatory technical requirements, its response will be 
excluded from further consideration. 
 
2.3.2 Rated Criteria 
Invest Nova Scotia will evaluate each compliant response on the basis of the rated criteria as set 
out in Section B.4 of the RSO Particulars (Appendix B) . The following is an overview of the 
categories and weighting for the rated criteria of the RSO. Respondents must pass all criteria to  
proceed to the next stage of the evaluation process. 
 
Rated Criteria Category Weighting  
B.4.1 Company Profile Pass / Fail 
B.4.2 Goods/Services Offered Pass / Fail 
B.4.3 Skills and Expertise Pass / Fail 
B.4.4 Demonstrated Experience Pass / Fail 
Total Weighting Pass / Fail 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 7 of 29 
 
2.4 Ranking and Selection  
Based on the evaluation of the responses in Stage II, Invest Nova Scotia intends to select all Respondents 
who pass all criteria for inclusion on the Standing Offer.  Invest Nova Scotia reserves the right to not select 
a Respondent if the goods/services offered do not demonstrate a fit with typical procurement 
requirements for a particular category.  Selection for the Standing Offer will not guarantee any minimum 
volume of work for any Respondent.  
 
 
[End of Part 2] 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 8 of 29 
 
PART 3 – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RSO PROCESS 
3.1 General Information and Instructions 
3.1.1 Respondents to Follow Instructions 
Respondents should structure their responses in accordance with the instructions in this RSO. 
Where information is requested in this RSO, any response made should reference the applicable 
section titles of this RSO. 
 
3.1.2 Language 
All responses are to be in English, or both English and French.   If there is a conflict or inconsistency 
between the English version and the French version of the response, the English version of the 
response shall prevail.     
 
3.1.3 No Incorporation by Reference  
Unless otherwise requested in the Rated Criteria, the entire content of the Respondent’s response 
should be submitted in a fixed form, and the content of websites or other external documents 
referred to in the Respondent’s response but not attached will not be considered to form part of 
its response. 
 
3.1.4 References and Past Performance 
In the evaluation process, Invest Nova Scotia  may include information provided by the 
Respondent’s references and may also consider the Respondent’s past performance or conduct 
on previous contracts with Invest Nova Scotia.  
 
3.1.5 Information in RSO Only an Estimate 
Invest Nova Scotia  makes no representation, warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy of the 
information contained in this RSO or issued by way of addenda. Any quantities shown or data 
contained in this RSO or provided by way of addenda are estimates only and are for the sole 
purpose of indicating to Respondents the general scale and scope of the Deliverables. It is the 
Respondent’s responsibility to obtain all the information necessary to prepare a response to this 
RSO. 
 
3.1.6 Respondents to Bear Their Own Costs 
The Respondent shall bear all costs associated with or incurred in the preparation and 
presentation of its response, including, if applicable, costs incurred for interviews or 
demonstrations.  
 
3.1.7 Response to be retained by Invest Nova Scotia  
Invest Nova Scotia will not return the response or any accompanying documentation submitted 
by a Respondent.  
 
3.1.8 Third Party Assistance with Evaluation 
Invest Nova Scotia  reserves the right to engage, as necessary, subject matter experts as 
advisors/consultants to assist with the evaluation of submissions and to provide technical 
guidance. The assignment by Invest Nova Scotia of any one or more of these advisors/consultants 
will be at Invest Nova Scotia's sole and absolute discretion. Invest Nova Scotia may use any such 
advisors/consultants in any way it, in its discretion, considers necessary.   
 
 
3.1.9 No Guarantee of Volume of Work or Exclusivity of Contract  
This RSO process will not result in any commitment by Invest Nova Scotia to purchase any goods 
or services from any Respondent.  Invest Nova Scotia makes no guarantee of the value or volume 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 9 of 29 
 
of Deliverables that may be required. Any agreement entered into pursuant to an invitational 
second-stage competitive process will not be an exclusive contract for the provision of the 
described Deliverables. Invest Nova Scotia may contract with others for goods and services the 
same as or similar to the Deliverables or may obtain such goods and services internally.   
Alternatively, Invest Nova Scotia  reserves the right to issue subsequent public tender calls to 
address its requirements. 
3.2 Communication after Issuance of RSO 
3.2.1 Respondents to Review RSO 
Respondents shall promptly examine all of the docu ments comprising this RSO and may direct 
questions or seek additional information in writing by email to the RSO Contact. Invest Nova Scotia 
is not obligated to respond to questions or comments received after the Deadline for Questions 
has passed.  No such communications are to be directed to anyone other than the RSO Contact. 
Invest Nova Scotia is under no obligation to provide additional information and Invest Nova Scotia 
shall not be responsible for any information provided by or obtained from any source other than 
the RSO Contact. It is the responsibility of the Respondent to seek clarification from the RSO 
Contact on any matter it considers to be unclear. Invest Nova Scotia shall not be responsible for 
any misunderstanding on the part of the Respondent concerning this RSO or its process. 
 
3.2.2 All New Information to Respondents by Way of Addenda  
This RSO may be amended only by addendum in accordance with this section. If Invest Nova 
Scotia, for any reason, determines that it is necessary to provide additional information relating 
to this RSO, such information will be communicated by addendum on the Bonfire e-tendering 
website for this opportunity.  Each addendum forms an integral part of this RSO and may contain 
important information, including significant changes to this RSO. Respondents are responsible for 
reviewing all addenda issued by Invest Nova Scotia.  
 
3.2.3 Verify, Clarify and Supplement 
When evaluating responses, Invest Nova Scotia  may request further information from the 
Respondent or third parties in order to verify, clarify or supplement the information provided in 
the Respondent’s response, including but not limited to clarification with respect to whether a 
response meets the mandatory technical requirements set out in Section B.3 of the RSO 
Particulars (Appendix B) . Invest Nova Scotia  may revisit and re -evaluate the Respondent’s 
response or ranking based on any such information. 
3.3 Notification and Debriefing 
3.3.1 Notification of Top-Ranked Respondents 
The top-ranked Respondents selected by Invest Nova Scotia  to be included in the prequalified 
supplier list in accordance with the process set out in the Evaluation of Responses (Part 2) will be 
notified by Invest Nova Scotia. 
 
3.3.2 Notification to Other Respondents 
Once the selected Respondents have been notified, all other Respondents will be notified in 
writing by Invest Nova Scotia. 
 
3.3.3 Debriefing 
Respondents may request a debriefing after notification of the outcome of the procurement 
process. All requests must be made in writing to the RSO Contact and must be made within sixty 
(60) days of notification of the outcome of the procurement process. The intent of the debriefing 
information session is to aid the Respondent in presenting a better response in subsequent 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 10 of 29 
 
procurement opportunities. Any  debriefing provided is not for  the purpose of providing an 
opportunity to challenge the procurement process or its outcome. 
 
3.3.4 Supplier Complaint Procedure 
If a Respondent wishes to file a complaint in regard to the RSO process, it must provide notice to 
the RSO Contact within sixty (60) days of notification of the outcome of the RSO process, and 
Invest Nova Scotia will respond in accordance with its supplier complaint protocol.  
3.4 Conflict of Interest and Prohibited Conduct 
3.4.1 Conflict of Interest 
Invest Nova Scotia  may disqualify a Respondent for any conduct, situation or circumstances 
determined by Invest Nova Scotia, in its sole and absolute discretion, to constitute a Conflict of 
Interest. For the purposes of this RSO, “Conflict of Interest” has the meaning ascribed to it in the 
Submission Form (Appendix A). 
 
3.4.2 Disqualification for Prohibited Conduct 
Invest Nova Scotia  may disqualify a Respondent or terminate any Agreement subsequently 
entered into if  Invest Nova Scotia , in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the 
Respondent has engaged in any conduct prohibited by this RSO.  
 
3.4.3 Prohibited Respondent Communications 
The Respondent shall not engage in any communications that could constitute a Conflict of 
Interest and should take note of the Conflict of Interest declaration set out in the Submission Form 
(Appendix A).  
 
3.4.4 No Lobbying 
A Respondent may not, in relation to this RSO or the evaluation and selection process, engage 
directly or indirectly in any form of political or other lobbying whatsoever to influence the 
selection of successful Respondent(s).  
 
3.4.5 Illegal or Unethical Conduct 
Respondents shall not engage in any illegal business practices, including activities such as bid -
rigging, price-fixing, bribery, fraud , coercion, or collusion. Respondents shall not engage in any 
unethical conduct, including lobbying  (as described above)  or other inappropriate 
communications; offering gifts to any employees, officers, agents, elected or appointed officials 
or other representatives of Invest Nova Scotia  submitting responses containing 
misrepresentations or other misleading or inaccurate info rmation; or any other conduct that 
compromises or may be seen to compromise the competitive process. 
 
3.4.6 Rejection of Bids 
Invest Nova Scotia  may reject a bid based on past performance or based on inappropriate 
conduct, including but not limited to the following:  
(a) illegal or unethical conduct as described above;  
(b) the refusal of the Respondent to honour its submitted pricing or other commitments;   
(c) any conduct, situation or circumstance determined by Invest Nova Scotia, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, to have constituted an undisclosed Conflict of Interest; or 
(d) Invest Nova Scotia’s past experience with the Respondent within the last 18 months for 
similar or related services.  
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 11 of 29 
 
3.5 Confidential Information 
3.5.1 Confidential Information of Invest Nova Scotia  
All information provided by or obtained from Invest Nova Scotia in any form in connection with 
this RSO either before or after the issuance of this RSO:  
(a) is the sole property of Invest Nova Scotia and must be treated as confidential; 
(b) is not to be used for any purpose other than replying to this RSO and the performance of 
any subsequent contract for the Deliverables; and 
(c) must not be disclosed without prior written authorization from the RSO Contact. 
 
3.5.2 Confidential Information of Respondent 
A Respondent should identify any information in its response or any accompanying 
documentation supplied in confidence for which confidentiality is to be maintained by Invest Nova 
Scotia. The confidentiality of such information will be maintained by Invest Nova Scotia, except as 
otherwise required by law or by order of a court or tribunal. Respondents are advised that their 
responses will, as necessary, be disclosed on a confidential basis, to Invest Nova Scotia’s advisors 
retained to advise or assist with the RSO process, including the evaluation of responses. 
3.6 Procurement Process Non-binding 
3.6.1 No Contract A and No Claims 
This procurement process is not intended to create and shall not create a formal legally binding 
bidding process and shall instead be governed by the law applicable to direct commercial 
negotiations. For greater certainty and without limitation , this RSO shall not give rise to any 
Contract A–based tendering law duties or any other legal obligations arising out of any process 
contract or collateral contract.  
3.6.2 No Legal Relationship or Obligation 
No legal relationship or obligation regarding the procurement of any good or service shall be 
created between the Respondent and Invest Nova Scotia by this RSO process. 
 
3.6.3 Cancellation 
Invest Nova Scotia may cancel the RSO process without liability at any time. 
3.7 Governing Law and Interpretation  
The Terms and Conditions of RSO Process (Part 3):  
(a) are intended to be interpreted broadly and separately (with no particular provision intended 
to limit the scope of any other provision);  
(b) are non-exhaustive and shall not be construed as intending to limit the pre -existing rights of 
the parties to engage in pre -contractual discussions in accordance with the common law 
governing direct commercial negotiations; and  
(c) are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Nova Scotia 
and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
 
 
 [End of Part 3] 
  
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 12 of 29 
 
APPENDIX A – SUBMISSION FORM 
 
A.1 Respondent Information 
Please fill out the following form, naming one person to be the contact for this RSO response and for 
any clarifications or communication that might be necessary. 
Full Legal Name of Respondent: 
[Organization’s legal name] 
      
Any Other Relevant Name 
under which Respondent 
Carries on Business: 
      
Street Address:       
City, Province/State:       
Postal Code / Zip Code:       
Phone Number:       
Company Website (if any):        
Respondent Contact 
Name and Title:  
      
Respondent Contact Phone:       
Respondent Contact Email:       
Nova Scotia Registry of Joint 
Stock Number (Leave blank if 
NOT applicable): 
      
HST / GST Registration Number 
(Leave blank if NOT applicable): 
      
SIN # (only required if you do 
not have an HST/GST or NSRJST 
number): 
      
 
Select the Service Function Category in which you are applying: 
 
People Services, Professional Development, Training & Facilitation 
FDI Lead Generation, B2B Matchmaking, In-Market Support, & Business Advisory Services 
Marketing & Communication Services 
Information Technology Goods & Services 
Research & Analysis 
Professional Engineering, General Contracting, & Maintenance Services 
Legal & Other Professional Services 
A.2 Acknowledgment of Non-Binding Procurement Process 
The Respondent acknowledges that this RSO process will be governed by the terms and conditions of the 
RSO and that, among other things, such terms and conditions confirm that this procurement process does 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 13 of 29 
 
not constitute a formal, legally binding bidding process (and for greater certainty, does not give rise to a 
Contract A bidding process contract) and that no legal relationship or obligation regarding the 
procurement of any good or service shall be created  between Invest Nova Scotia  and the Respondent 
unless and until Invest Nova Scotia and the Respondent execute a written agreement for the Deliverables 
pursuant to a subsequent invitational second-stage procurement process. 
A.3 Ability to Provide Deliverables 
The Respondent has carefully examined the RSO documents and has a clear and comprehensive 
knowledge of the Deliverables required. The Respondent represents and warrants its ability to provide 
the Deliverables in accordance with the requirements of the RSO. 
A.4 Mandatory Submission Requirements 
The Respondent encloses as part of the response the mandatory submission requirements set out below:   
 
FORM   INITIAL BELOW TO CONFIRM ENCLOSURE 
Appendix A - Submission Form   
A.5 Addenda 
The Respondent is deemed to have read and taken into account all addenda issued by Invest Nova Scotia.  
A.6 No Prohibited Conduct 
The Respondent declares that it has not engaged in any conduct prohibited by this RSO. 
A.7 Conflict of Interest 
For the purposes of this section, the term “Conflict of Interest” includes, but is not limited to, any situation 
or circumstance where: 
 
(a) in relation to the RSO process, the Respondent has an unfair advantage or engages in conduct, 
directly or indirectly, that may give it an unfair advantage, including but not limited to (i) having, 
or having access to , confidential information of Invest Nova Scotia  in the preparation of its 
response that is not available to other Respondents; (ii) communicating with any person with a 
view to influencing preferred treatment in the RSO process (including but not limited to the 
lobbying of decision makers involved in the RSO process); or ( iii) engaging in conduct that 
compromises, or could be seen to compromise , the integrity of the open and competitive RSO 
process or render that process non-competitive or unfair; or 
(b) in relation to the performance of its contractual obligations under a contract for the Deliverables, 
the Respondent’s other commitments, relationships or financial interests (i) could, or could be 
seen to, exercise an improper influence over the objective, unbiased and impartial exercise of its 
independent judgement, or (ii) could, or could be seen to, compromise, impair or be incompatible 
with the effective performance of its contractual obligations.  
Respondents should disclose the names and all pertinent details of all  individuals (employees, advisors, 
or individuals acting in any other capacity) who (a) participated in the preparation of the response; AND 
(b) were employees of Invest Nova Scotia within twelve (12) months prior to the Submission Deadline. 
 
If the box below is left blank, the Respondent will be deemed to declare that (a) there was no Conflict of 
Interest in preparing its response; and (b) there is no foreseeable Conflict of Interest in performing the 
contractual obligations contemplated in the RSO.  
 
Otherwise, if the statement below applies, check the box YES.  
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 14 of 29 
 
☐ YES - The Respondent declares that there is an actual or potential Conflict of Interest relating 
to the preparation of its response, and/or the Respondent foresees an actual or potential Conflict 
of Interest in performing the contractual obligations contemplated in the RSO.  
 
If the Respondent declares an actual or potential Conflict of I nterest by marking the box  YES, the 
Respondent must set out below details of the actual or potential Conflict of Interest:  
 
 
 
 
 
A.8 Disclosure of Information  
The Respondent hereby agrees that any information provided in this response, even if it is identified as 
being supplied in confidence, may be disclosed where required by law or by order of a court or tribunal. 
The Respondent hereby consents to the disclosure, on a confidential basis, of this response by Invest Nova 
Scotia to the advisors retained by Invest Nova Scotia to advise or assist with the RSO process, including 
with respect to the evaluation of this response.  
 
You agree you are signing this document electronically and agree that your electronic signature is the legal 
equivalent of your manual signature and that no further certification or third -party verification of your 
electronic signature is required in order to be legally binding.    
 
 
      _________________________________ 
      Name of Respondent Representative 
 
_________________________________ 
Title of Respondent Representative 
 
_________________________________ 
Name of Organization 
 
      _________________________________ 
      Date 
 
I have the authority to bind the Respondent. 
  
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 15 of 29 
 
 
APPENDIX B – RSO PARTICULARS 
 
B.1 THE DELIVERABLES 
 
From time to time, Invest Nova Scotia requires professional and consulting support services which may 
include any work and/or consultation associated with the planning, development and/or execution of an 
engagement which requires the use of professionals, and certain goods for service functions as outlined 
below in section B.1.1.  
 
The intent of the Standing Offer is to provide Invest Nova Scotia with an effective means to procure the 
required skills or goods from the marketplace to address these short-term support needs from August 1, 
2024, up to and including July 31, 2027. During the term of the Standing Offer, there is an opportunity to 
add further Respondents to the Standing Offer as outlined below in section B.1.2.  
 
Respondents may select one or more service categories from the list in section B.1.1 and will be evaluated 
separately for each category selected.  Responses should be tailored to clearly identify core competencies 
and demonstrated skills/expertise for service functions within a category.  Selection for the Standing Offer 
in one category does not necessarily mean selection in all requested categories.  Respondents will be 
notified which service categories they have b een accepted for on the Standing Offer.   Respondents 
selected for the Standing Offer will be referred to throughout this RSO as “Standing Offer Suppliers ,” or 
“Suppliers”. 
 
B.1.1 Service Functions 
 
Respondents may select one or more service categories from the list below: 
 
Service Category Service Functions Specific Required Information for Service 
Functions 
People Services, 
Professional Development, 
Training & Facilitation 
Human Resource 
Consultants 
Describe the core competencies of your 
organization as they relate to areas such as 
Compensation Consulting; Organizational Design; 
Outplacement Services; Recruitment/Executive 
Search; etc. 
 
Accessibility and/or 
DEI Consultants 
Describe the areas in which you provide services 
specific to Accessibility and/or Diversity, Equity & 
Inclusion topics.  May include consulting, 
assessment, policy development, etc. 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 16 of 29 
 
  Training & Facilitation  Course/Workshop Delivery - Provide an overview 
of available training opportunities.  Should include 
a high-level summary of learning objectives, 
content, format of delivery, and expected learning 
outcomes.  May cover a range of topics for different 
audiences, such as capacity building for start-
ups/SMEs (ie. export readiness; market expansion; 
scaling up; investment readiness; succession 
planning; etc.); professional development (ie. 
executive coaching; leadership development; 360 
feedback; diversity & inclusion; etc.) 
 
Curriculum Development - Provide an overview of 
capability to develop new custom course content. 
 
Facilitation - Describe your services or core focus 
areas related to facilitation (i.e. guided facilitation 
for working groups/staff meetings/other; certified 
facilitator for third-party training such as FITTSkills 
or other. 
      
FDI Lead Generation, B2B 
Matchmaking, In-Market 
Support & Business 
Advisory Services 
FDI Lead Generation Describe your core focus areas and 
approach/methodology used to conduct FDI lead 
generation campaigns.  Specify any expertise for a 
particular industry, sector, or sub-sector; or 
geographical market segment. 
 
B2B Matchmaking Describe your approach/methodology for 
conducting business-to-business matchmaking 
campaigns for groups of 5 or more businesses.  
Identify your core competencies in terms of 
sectors/industries or geographical market 
segments in which you have demonstrated 
market/business connections.  Sectors where 
these services are most often required include 
Ocean Tech, Seafood, Food & Beverage, ICT, 
Aerospace & Defence, Clean Tech, and Life 
Sciences. 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 17 of 29 
 
 
In-Market Trade 
Show/Event Support 
Describe your ability to provide in-market support 
services for businesses participating in trade 
shows/events.  Typical requirements include in-
market staff to support businesses with 
logistics/customs for trade show samples; support 
businesses in-market at a trade show booth, 
manage a booth at a trade show, understanding 
high-level value propositions and  supporting lead 
generation/promotion activities at a trade 
show/event, etc.  Identify your core competencies 
in terms of sectors/industries or geographical 
market segments in which you have demonstrated 
market/business connections or experience. 
  Business Advisory 
Services 
Provide an overview of your capacity to provide 1:1 
advisory services to businesses primarily in the 
start-up community.  Include a description of your 
subject matter expertise, and any particular focus 
on sectors/industries including software, 
agriculture tech, clean tech, ocean tech, or health 
tech. 
      
Marketing and 
Communication Services 
Marketing Provide an overview of your core service offering for 
marketing services in areas such as marketing 
strategy/planning; creative services; digital 
marketing; media planning/buying; etc. 
 
Visual Arts Provide an overview of your core service offering 
related to Video Production, Photography, 360 
Video, Drone Photography, etc.  Should include 
links to portfolio of sample projects, with 
demonstrated experience highlighting NS 
companies/sectors/industries/regions/etc. 
 
Website Development 
/ Design 
Respondents in this category must have Drupal 
experience.  Provide examples of completed 
projects with screenshots/links to finished work.  
Printing Describe your core focus areas related to design, 
productions, and printing services.    
Promotional Products Describe the products available and how they are 
customizable with logos/branding and any 
minimum purchase requirements.  Supplier must 
be able to demonstrate how sustainability is 
addressed. 
 
Communication Plans Describe your experience in developing 
comprehensive communication plans that 
incorporate key messaging, target audience, 
channels for communication, change 
management, etc. 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 18 of 29 
 
 
Freelance Writing Describe your core focus areas with demonstrated 
experience in areas such as business writing, 
digital writing, editorial/promotional writing, and/or 
speech writing. 
  Event Management 
Services 
Describe your experience with project managing 
events, in-person, virtual, and/or hybrid, describing 
your key areas of responsibility.  Must have 
demonstrated experience with 
business/conference-themed events for 100-200+ 
attendees. 
      
Information Technology 
Goods & Services 
Desktop Hardware 
Sales & Support 
Describe goods offered related to computer 
equipment, peripherals, and suppliers for end 
users for both Microsoft and Apple products.  
Network, Server & IT 
Security Consultation 
Services 
Describe your services related to network and 
server planning, installation, monitoring and 
support for on-premises, hybrid, and cloud 
infrastructure, and cybersecurity assessment. 
 
Server, Firewall, and 
Network Hardware 
Sales & Support 
Describe goods offered related to server, firewall 
and network hardware, wireless APs and 
controllers, and supplies for on-premises and 
cloud infrastructure. 
 
Software / Application 
Licensing 
Consultation & 
Development 
Describe your services related to new and existing 
on-premises and cloud-based platforms.  Could 
include Salesforce, Drupal, Microsoft,  iOS, etc. 
 
Audio / Video 
Equipment Sales, 
Rentals & Support 
Services 
Describe goods and services for 
rental/sales/support that could include equipment 
such as projectors and screens, TVs, speakers and 
microphones, event setup and support.  
 
Cabling Installation Describe your services related to installation and 
testing of network cabling, panels, outlets. 
  Privacy Impact 
Assessments & Risk 
Governance 
Consultation 
Describe your services related to preparing 
assessments, reports, and / or related policies. 
      
Research & Analysis Economic Research & 
Impact Analysis 
Describe your services in research and analysis 
specifically related to economic development.  
Typical requirements may include more 
generalized research, or specific impact analysis 
relating to a particular program/initiative. 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 19 of 29 
 
 
Market Research Describe your services related to the collection of 
qualitative and quantitative data in large-scale 
aggregate format.  Typical requirements may 
include focus groups, online or telephone 
questionnaires, interviews, etc. 
 
Assessments & 
Feasibility Studies 
Describe your services related to the ability to 
provide technology assessments, feasibility 
studies, and/or business case/company due 
diligence assessments.  A few examples of projects 
that could be procured in this area include, but are 
not limited to: Technology identification and 
feasibility assessments to narrow the focus of 
investment attraction and cluster building 
strategies; Value chain deep dives to assess 
potential technology-market fits with an economic 
development lens; In-depth due diligence research 
into a client, their business case, and/or the 
technical feasibility of their innovative products; 
etc. 
  Sector Research & 
Analysis 
Describe your core focus areas related to 
specialized/niche sectors/sub-sectors to provide 
in-depth research and analysis. 
      
Professional Engineering, 
General Contracting, 
Facilities & Security 
Services 
Professional 
Engineering & Design 
Services 
Describe your core focus areas for licensed 
engineering and design services.  Services in this 
category are most often required for civil, marine, 
and electrical engineering. 
 
Environmental 
Consulting 
Describe your core focus areas related to 
professional services to provide analysis and 
insight on environmental concerns for public and 
private industries; property acquisition, 
development and construction; public works and 
infrastructure; health compliance and safety 
regulations; sustainability and energy efficiency, 
etc.  
General Contracting Describe your core focus areas related to general 
contracting in areas such as day-to-day oversight 
of construction sites, management of vendors and 
trades, and communication of information to all 
involved parties throughout the course of a building 
project; or other. 
 
Excavation 
Contracting 
Describe your services related to excavation work, 
identifying types of clients/projects worked for, and 
any areas of specialty, such as experience/ability 
to perform work on or near environmentally 
protected areas, etc. 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 20 of 29 
 
 
Land Surveyors / Land 
Use Planning 
Consultants 
Describe your services related to providing land 
surveys and consulting services to create plans for 
land development and usage.  
Landscaping / Snow 
Removal 
Describe your services related to 
landscaping/snow removal work, identifying types 
of clients/projects.  
Security for Marine 
Facilities 
Describe your services related to professional 
security services for marine facilities.  
Skills/Expertise must demonstrate security guards 
are trained pursuant to Transport Canada Marine 
Security Regulations, and available resources 
include Marine Facility Security Officers (MFSO) 
and Persons with Security Responsibilities (PWSR). 
  Signage Describe your service offering and types of 
clients/projects for development of signs in 
physical and/or digital formats. 
      
Legal & Other Professional 
Services 
Actuarial 
Assessments 
Describe your services related to providing 
actuarial assessments.  
Insolvency 
Practitioners / 
Restructuring 
Consultants 
Describe your services related to providing 
insolvency, restructuring, and receivership 
services. 
 
Mediation & Dispute 
Resolution 
Describe your services related to providing 
mediation and dispute resolution.  
Legal Services Describe your core areas of focus for providing 
professional legal services.  Areas most often 
required in this category are Corporate and 
Commercial, Employment and Labour, Real Estate, 
and IP. 
 
Real Estate Appraisals 
/ Brokerage Services 
Describe your services related to providing 
professional services for real estate appraisals 
and/or brokerage services. 
  Translation / 
Interpretation 
Identify the languages for which you can provide 
professional translation and/or interpretation 
services for business.  May include written 
translation of documents, transcription, or 
simultaneous interpretation at events.   
 
B.1.2 Onboarding 
 
The RSO will open for continuous onboarding of new Respondents  beginning November 1, 2024, and 
ending on February 15, 2027, approximately six months prior to the end of the Standing Offer term.  New 
Respondents can typically expect to receive evaluation results within two to three weeks after receipt of 
their response. 
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 21 of 29 
 
The call for continuous onboarding will be issued through Bonfire, with notices posted on the Invest Nova 
Scotia Website and the Nova Scotia Provincial Procurement Web Portal.   
 
The same terms and conditions, qualifications, requirements, and evaluation process set out in the RSO 
document will apply to any additional Respondents. 
 
For further clarification, Respondents who are accepted to the Standing Offer through the initial call of 
this RSO will NOT need to reapply through the continuous onboarding process. 
 
B.1.2 Call-up Process 
 
Invest Nova Scotia uses the following thresholds and process for issuing SOWs to selected Standing Offer 
Suppliers: 
 
• Goods/Services less than $2,500 – Standing Offer process not applicable, users may select a 
supplier of choice. 
 
• Goods/Services valued at $2,500 to less than $10,000 – users may select a Supplier of choice in a 
specific Standing Offer category. 
 
• Goods valued at $10,000 to less than $ 33,400 – users may request quotes to a SOW from three 
or more Suppliers in a specific Standing Offer category. 
 
• Services valued at $10,000 to less than $133,800 – users may request quotes to a SOW from three 
or more Suppliers in a specific Standing Offer category. 
 
• Goods valued at $33,400 or more – public tender process required. 
 
• Services valued at $133,800 or more – public tender process required. 
 
Invest Nova Scotia reserves the right to issue subsequent public tender calls at any threshold to address 
its requirements. 
 
SOWs will be issued on an as required basis f or a term of August 1, 2024, to July 31, 2027. This Standing 
Offer will not guarantee a minimum volume of work to any successful RSO Respondent. 
 
Please note, threshold amounts listed here are in use as of the issue date for this RSO but may be adjusted 
throughout the full Standing Offer term.  Refer to the Invest Nova Scotia Procurement Policy, available on 
our website at www.investnovascotia.ca, for full up -to-date information on process and current 
thresholds. 
 
B.1.3 Response Format 
 
Respondents should structure their response in a proposal format  using their own branded templates if 
applicable, with the following required information clearly identified: 
 
1. Executive Summary (optional) 
2. Corporate Profile 
3. Goods/Services Offered 
4. Skill and Expertise 
5. Demonstrated Experience 
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 22 of 29 
 
Details on the information that should be included  in each criterion should be carefully reviewed in the 
Rated Criteria  section below.   Each criteri on will be evaluated using a Pass/Fail weighting, and 
Respondents must pass all criteria to be accepted into a category for the Standing Offer.   (As a rough 
estimate, average response length in prior RSO calls has been between 10 -40 pages, depending on the 
goods/services selected.) 
 
An executive summary is not required or rated but may be helpful for evaluators if you are applying in 
multiple categories or identifying experience across several service functions within a category.  If suitable 
for your proposal, it should be no more than one page, and include a few details that address the service 
functions for which your organization is best suited within the category, and any unique , niche, or focus 
areas for your company.  Some examples may include, but are not limited to, B2B Matchmaking with deep 
connections in a particular sector/industry, or experience across all sectors, but a deep network within a 
specific geography; full-service marketing firm, or boutique smaller firm specializing in graphic design; 
training & facilitation for a particular topic, particular audience, third-party training certifications such as 
FITTSkills trainer; translation/interpretation for what languages; etc.  
 
B.2 MATERIAL DISCLOSURES 
 
B.2.1 Selection 
Invest Nova Scotia reserves the right to not select a Respondent for the Standing Offer who does not 
demonstrate a goods/service offering that is a fit for the typical procurement requirements of Invest Nova 
Scotia in a particular category.   Results of non -selection will be shared with the Respondent , and the 
Respondent may have an opportunity to reapply during the continuous onboarding process. 
 
B.2.3 Performance 
Invest Nova Scotia  reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to remove a Respondent from the Standing 
Offer. 
B.3 MANDATORY TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
Credentials, specific to a designation, must be clearly identified in the skills/expertise section of your 
response for selected service functions. 
 
B.4 RATED CRITERIA 
 
 
B.4.1 Corporate Profile [Pass/Fail] 
 
Respondents must provide a corporate profile, no more than one -two pages in length, that provides an 
overview of their  organization.  It should address the year established , head office location (a nd any 
regional office locations), number of employees, types of clients or markets served, etc.  
B.4.2 Goods/Services Offered [Pass/Fail] 
 
Respondents must provide a detailed overview of their  goods/services offering for each of the selected 
service functions within a category  to demonstrate suitability.  Supporting details on core focus areas 
related to sector/market expertise, training/workshops offered, specialization in particular areas for 
professional engineering or legal services, etc. should be addressed through this section. 
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 23 of 29 
 
B.4.3 Skills/Expertise [Pass/Fail] 
 
Respondents must provide detailed qualifications in the form of biographies or curriculum vitae for key 
personnel that will provide the goods/services for Invest Nova Scotia for future potential SOWs.  Should 
include details on education/ work experience , with any relevant technical certifications/designations 
identified, a s well as any other details to demonstrate relevant skills/expertise for related service 
functions.  
 
B.4.4 Demonstrated Experience [Pass/Fail] 
 
Respondents must provide a description of two-three previously completed engagements within the past 
five (5) years that clearly demonstrate the Respondent’s experience and capability across selected service 
functions for a category .  Examples should include an overview of the engagement  (what the 
purpose/objective was) , the approach, methodology and tools used  to complete the engagement , 
identification of any measurable outcomes (how your involvement in the project made a difference, which 
could be demonstrated through testimonials, re-engagement by clients, measurable metrics/KPIs, etc.), 
and samples of completed work, if applicable .  Each example should include reference contact details.  
Invest Nova Scotia may contact references prior to finalizing selection of Respondents for inclusion on the 
Standing Offer.  
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 24 of 29 
 
APPENDIX C – SAMPLE FORM OF AGREEMENT 
 
Should a Respondent be successful in a  future invitational competitive process, the terms of the 
Agreement that will be used are provided below (provided only as a sample here). 
 
CONSULTANT SERVICE AGREEMENT dated the _____ day of _____________, 20__. 
 
BETWEEN: 
 
INVEST NOVA SCOTIA, 
a body corporate, continued under the Invest Nova Scotia Act (Nova Scotia) 
 
(hereinafter called “Invest Nova Scotia”) 
 
-and- 
  
COMPANY NAME 
 
(hereinafter called “Consultant”) 
 
 
 WHEREAS Invest Nova Scotia  requires the services, advice and assistance of a consultant to 
provide XXX, as set out and described in Schedule “A” annexed (the "Consultant Services").  
 
 AND WHEREAS Invest Nova Scotia wishes to retain the services of the Consultant to provide the 
Consultant Services, and the Consultant is willing to be so retained, subject to Terms and Conditions 
contained in this Consultant Service Agreement (“CSA”) and the Standard Terms and Conditions attached 
as Appendix “A”. 
 
1. CONSULTANT SERVICES 
 
1.1 Subject to section 2 , the Consultant shall provide the Consultant Services to Invest Nova Scotia  
with respect to matters attached to this agreement as Schedule "A", or as otherwise agreed to by 
the Parties in writing.  The Term of the Agreement shall be from  XXX, to XXX,  unless otherwise 
extended by written agreement of the parties.  
 
1.2 With respect to matters identified in Schedule "A" and any others agreed to in writing by the Parties, 
Invest Nova Scotia may require the Consultant to prepare a detailed work plan and /or budget for 
each stage or component of the work when known with sufficient clarity to reasonably permit this 
work to be done. The work plan and budget shall be submitted to Invest Nova Scotia for prior written 
approval and instructions prior to any work commencing. 
 
1.3 Unless Invest Nova Scotia  otherwise informs the Consultant in writing , the contact person 
("Retainer Administrator") for Invest Nova Scotia is XXX. 
 
2. CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 
2.1 The following documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Agreement: Appendix 
“A” (Standard Terms and Conditions ), Appendix “B” (Personal Information Protection Terms and  
Conditions)” and Schedule “A” (Consultant Services). 
 
2.2 In the event of conflict or inconsistency the provisions set out herein and in Appendix “A ” and 
Appendix “B” take priority over the annexed as Schedule “A” or any portion thereof, and, except as 
may be provided therein, in any additional schedules added by the Parties subsequent to execution 
of this Agreement. 
 
3. PRICE AND PAYMENT 
 
3.1 Work performed by the Consultant will be billed to Invest Nova Scotia by providing accounts in such 
format as may be required by Invest Nova Scotia, on a monthly basis or as determined by Invest 
Nova Scotia, and in accord with the services Proposal.  Invoiced amounts in respect of the different 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 25 of 29 
 
phases of the Consultant Services shall not exceed those amounts set out in Schedule “A” 
annexed, if applicable. 
 
3.2 Invest Nova Scotia shall pay HST/GST on applicable items, and the Consultant agrees to remit in 
accordance with the laws of Canada. 
 
 
3.3 The total price and payment under this Agreement, excluding HST/GST, shall not exceed $ 0.00. 
 
 
4. NOTICES 
 
4.1 Notices shall be provided in accordance with Appendix “A” to the following persons:  
 
To Invest Nova Scotia as follows: To the Consultant as follows: 
INVEST NOVA SCOTIA COMPANY NAME 
Attention: XXX Attention:  
1800 Argyle Street, Suite 701 Address 
Halifax, Nova Scotia, B3J 3N8, Canada  
E-mail: XXX@nsbi.ca E-mail:  
 
5. APPLICATION OF STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
5.1 This Agreement is subject to the Standard Terms and Conditions attached as Appendix “A” to this 
Consultant Service Agreement  and is also subject to the Personal Information Protection Terms 
and Conditions attached as Appendix “B” to this Consultant Services Agreement. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Invest Nova Scotia, through its duly authorized representatives, and the 
Consultant have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.  
 
EXECUTED  INVEST NOVA SCOTIA 
in the presence of:   
  Per: 
 
________________________________   __________________________________ 
Witness Name:  Name: 
Title: 
 
 
  
  COMPANY NAME 
 
   
  Per: 
 
________________________________   __________________________________ 
Witness Name:  Name: 
Title: 
 
 
  
Per: 
 
________________________________   __________________________________ 
Witness Name:   Name: 
Title: 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 26 of 29 
 
Appendix ”A” 
Consultant Services 
Standard Terms & Conditions 
 
 
1. WHOLE AGREEMENT:  These Standard Terms and Conditions, together 
with the Consultant Service Agreement (“CSA”) and schedules, shall 
constitute the whole agreement (“Agreement”) between the Parties and no 
representation or statement not expressly contained h erein shall be binding 
upon either Party. 
 
2. TERM AND TERMINATION 
 
Term of this Agreement shall be as defined in subsection 1.1 of the CSA. 
 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, this Agreement may be terminated 
by Invest Nova Scotia upon giving at least thirty (30) days notice thereof in 
writing to the Consultant. 
 
Notwithstanding the two preceding paragraphs, this Agreement may be 
terminated by Invest Nova Scotia without further liability, damage or cost, if, 
in the opinion of Invest Nova Scotia , the Consultant has breached or 
defaulted or failed to comply with any of the terms of conditions of this 
Agreement and has failed to remedy the same after being given five days 
notice in writing to remedy the breach, default or failure, or if the Consult ant 
commits any act of bankruptcy. 
 
Completion by the Consultant of the services outlined in subsection 1.1 of the 
CSA or termination of the Agreement by Invest Nova Scotia in accordance 
with section 2, of the Appendix “A” shall in no way relieve or be deemed to 
relieve the Consultant from any ongoing duties, obligations or liabilities which 
may arise from this Agreement. Covenants, warranties, representations and 
agreements contained herein shall survive any termination as may be 
necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 
 
In the event of termination, in accordance with this section Invest Nova Scotia 
shall pay the Consultant an amount calculated under the terms of payment 
for all work performed and accepted together with such further amount as will 
in the opinion of Invest Nova Scotia  compensate the Consultant for 
reasonable expenses continuing after the date of termination, less any 
amounts that have been previously paid to the Consultant under section 3 of 
the CSA. 
 
3. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING 
 
The Consultant shall not assign or subcontract this Agreement or any part 
thereof without the prior written consent of Invest Nova Scotia. 
 
The Consultant shall be liable to Invest Nova Scotia  for any obligation to 
Invest Nova Scotia not met or any right of Invest Nova Scotia breached by 
any agent, consultant or subcontractor engaged by the Consultant as if that 
agent, consultant or subcontractor was the Consultant itself. 
 
With respect to any agents, consultants, or subcontractors engaged by the 
Consultant, the Consultant shall take such steps as are necessary to ensure 
the rights of Invest Nova Scotia are protected, and obligations owed by the 
Consultant to Invest Nova Scotia are met. 
 
Without limiting the foregoing, the Consultant shall bind by contract any 
agent, consultant or subcontractor which is assisting or performing work and 
services for the Consultant in relation to the Consultant Services to meet the 
obligations and preserve t he rights of Invest Nova Scotia  as if that agent, 
consultant or subcontractor were the Consultant and a party to this 
Agreement 
 
4. BOOKS AND RECORDS 
 
The Consultant agrees to maintain proper and accurate accounts and records 
relating to this Agreement and the services provided. 
 
All contracts, correspondence, copies, books, records, accounts, working 
papers, and other information of the Consultant relating to Invest Nova Scotia 
and to expenses incurred by the Consultant in performing its services under 
this Agreement shall be made available for inspection by Invest Nova Scotia 
or by its designate(s) at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice. 
 
5. INVEST NOVA SCOTIA’S OBLIGATIONS 
 
Weekly Meetings.  Invest Nova Scotia  shall use reasonable best efforts to 
attend meetings as contemplated in the contract documents.   
 
Duty To Co-Operate:  Invest Nova Scotia shall co-operate with and assist the 
Consultant by providing to the Consultant such reasonable information and 
access to Invest Nova Scotia ’s personnel and other resources as are 
reasonably necessary to complete the work.  All such information and access 
will be considered the Invest Nova Scotia’s deliverables. 
 
Payment: Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Invest Nova Scotia  
shall make payment to the Consultant for Consultant Services provided under 
this Agreement within 30 days following the date on which invoices and 
substantive documentation are received and approved. Payment may be 
withheld by Invest Nova Scotia in part or in full, or Invest Nova Scotia has a 
right of set-off if the Consultant Services described in Schedule "A" are not 
carried out in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or if t he 
Consultant has accounts outstanding with Invest Nova Scotia. 
 
6. CONSULTANT’S OBLIGATIONS 
 
The Consultant shall use reasonable best efforts to attend meetings as 
contemplated in the contract documents. 
 
With respect to matters identified in Schedule "A" and any others agreed to 
in writing by the Parties, Invest Nova Scotia  may require the Consultant to 
prepare a detailed work plan [and budget] for each stage or component of the 
work when known with sufficient clarity to reasonably permit this work to be 
done. The work plan [and budget] shall be submitted to Invest Nova Scotia 
for prior written approval and instructions prior to any work commencing. 
 
The Consultant shall meet the deadlines for the work established under 
Schedule “A” or that may arise from meetings with Invest Nova Scotia  as 
agreed to by the Consultant and Invest Nova Scotia.  Delays in the Consultant 
meeting its deadlines are excused and shall be deemed acceptable to Invest 
Nova Scotia for the purposes of this Agreement only to the extent that such 
delay is a reasonable consequence of Invest Nova Scotia’s failure to meet or 
provide its deliverables. 
 
The Consultant shall have the exclusive authority to make staffing decisions 
with respect to use of its personnel in the completion of its work and 
obligations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Invest Nova Scotia may request 
the removal of any personnel that it reasonably determines are not 
satisfactorily performing the work and services (including matters relating to 
inter-personal skills) and the Consultant shall use all commercially 
reasonable efforts to comply with any such request. 
 
All services supplied by the Consultant shall be performed in such manner 
only as is usual and customary in skillful and proper supply of Consultant 
Services in Canada. 
 
7. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR 
 
It is understood and agreed that this Agreement is a contract for the 
performance of services and that the Consultant is engaged as an 
independent contractor and that the Consultant or its employees, agents, 
consultants or any subcontractor are not, nor sh all be deemed to be, an 
employee, servant or agent of Invest Nova Scotia.  
 
The Consultant has no authority under this Agreement to bind Invest Nova 
Scotia by contract or otherwise without the prior written approval of Invest 
Nova Scotia. 
 
8. LIABILITY AND WARRANTY 
 
The Consultant agrees that Invest Nova Scotia  shall not be liable for any 
injury including death to any person or for the loss of or damage to any 
property that is caused in any way by the Consultant's performance of its 
services under this Agreement, unless the injury, loss or damage is caused 
by the gross negligence of an officer or employee of Invest Nova Scotia while 
working within the scope of his or her employment. 
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 27 of 29 
 
The Consultant agrees that it shall at all times indemnify and save harmless 
Invest Nova Scotia, its officers, employees and agents from and against all 
claims, demands, losses, costs, damages, actions, suits or other proceedings 
of any kind based upon injury, including death, to any person, or damage to 
or loss of property arising from any willful or negligent act, omission or delay 
on the part of the Consultant, its servants or agents in carrying out this 
Agreement. 
 
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OWNERSHIP  
 
Information and Documents:  All research, reports, papers, material, audio -
visual material and information forming part of or produced in the 
performance of this Agreement and all copyrights thereto, and all patents, 
trademarks and industrial designs arisi ng therefrom, are the property of 
Invest Nova Scotia , and are hereby assigned by the Consultant to Invest 
Nova Scotia , provided that the intellectual property rights in pre -existing 
materials and information belonging to the Consultant shall remain with or  
vest in the Consultant. The Consultant shall not divulge, release or publish 
any such research, reports, papers, material, audio -visual material or 
information, or any part thereof, without first having obtained written 
permission from Invest Nova Scotia.  
 
Publication:  Invest Nova Scotia  reserves the right to publish or release in 
whole or in part, to publish an amended version and not to publish or release 
at all, or to use or not use as Invest Nova Scotia may deem fit, any research, 
reports, material, audio -visual materials, or information produced in the 
performance of this Agreement.  
 
Trade Marks: The Consultant may only use the Invest Nova Scotia  trade 
marks with the prior written consent of Invest Nova Scotia, and in such case 
the use shall be limited for the purposes of performing its obligations under 
this Agreement and for no other purpose.  
  
Invest Nova Scotia Properties And Work Product: Invest Nova Scotia will at 
all times be and remain the sole and exclusive owner of the work created 
under the Agreement, and the Consultant hereby assigns and conveys its 
entire right, title and interest to any work product created under this 
Agreement, and all copyright an d other proprietary rights therein, without 
further consideration, free from any claim or lien or retention of rights.  
 
Indemnity:   If a claim or proceeding is brought against Invest Nova Scotia for 
an infringement of a proprietary right resulting from the Consultant Services 
of a third party enforceable in the United States or Canada, then the 
Consultant shall indemnify and defend such claim or proceeding at its 
expense and pay any costs or damages (including solicitor fees on a solicitor-
client basis) that may be incurred or finally awarded against the Invest Nova 
Scotia. 
 
10. CONFIDENTIALITY 
 
Consultant and its employees and agents shall treat as confidential, during 
and after the term of this Agreement, any information or materials of a 
confidential nature concerning the affairs of Invest Nova Scotia or any third 
party which the Consultant or any of its employees or agents acquire 
knowledge of or that comes into its or their possession by reason of its or 
their business with Invest Nova Scotia  or any third parties under this 
Agreement.   
 
The Consultant and its employees and agents shall not make public or 
disclose, either directly or indirectly, any such confidential information or 
materials to anyone, including a person, Consultant or corporation, without 
first obtaining the prior written permission of Invest Nova Scotia.  
 
The Consultant will take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that it, its 
employees and its agents comply with this provision. Without limiting the 
foregoing, the Consultant shall provide a certificate to Invest Nova Scotia  
stating that all employees and agents have acknowledged and agreed to be 
bound by the terms of this provision , on request.  A new certificate will be 
given for new employees and agents hired after the date of any prior 
certificates and who may be reasonably expected to acquire knowle dge of 
confidential information or materials of Invest Nova Scotia. 
 
The parties acknowledge and agree that all materials and information 
provided to Invest Nova Scotia  shall be kept confidential, subject to the 
provisions of the Nova Scotia Freedom of Information and Protection of 
Privacy Act and the laws of Nova Scotia and Canada generally 
 
The Consultant hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is a “service 
provider” as defined in the Nova Scotia Personal Information International 
Disclosure Protection Act (PIIDPA) and is legally bound by the obligations 
imposed on it as a service provider un der PIIDPA, including the obligation, 
notwithstanding the laws or the order of any court outside Canada, to 
immediately notify the Nova Scotia Minister of Justice in writing of the receipt 
of a known or suspected “foreign demand for disclosure” or that a suspected 
“unauthorized disclosure of personal information” has occurred in response 
to a “foreign demand for disclosure” as each of those terms is defined under 
PIIDPA. Delivery of such notice shall be made by rush courier to both Invest 
Nova Scotia and to the: 
 
Attorney General of Nova Scotia 
1690 Hollis Street, PO. Box 7 
Halifax, Nova Scotia B3J 2L6 
 
11. INFORMATION 
 
The Consultant warrants that all information submitted to Invest Nova Scotia 
respecting this Agreement is true and accurate. Any misrepresentation or 
omission by the Consultant in this regard shall entitle Invest Nova Scotia to 
terminate this Agreement forthwith and shall entitle Invest Nova Scotia  to 
exercise any of its rights under this Agreement or as may be available at law. 
 
12. GENERAL 
 
CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM:  This Agreement shall be construed and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Province of Nova Scotia, and 
shall be treated in all respects as a Nova Scotia contract.   
 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS:  The Consultant shall comply with all laws, 
ordinances, rules and regulations applicable to the Consultant Services. 
 
SUCCESSORS:  This Agreement shall enure to the benefit of each Party, its 
successors and assigns, provided however that the Consultant may not 
assign this Agreement except with the prior written consent of Invest Nova 
Scotia, which consent shall be at Invest Nova Scotia’s sole discretion. 
 
HEADINGS:  The headings used in this Agreement are inserted for reference 
purposes only, and shall not affect the meaning or construction of any 
provision. 
 
AMENDMENT:  This Agreement may only be altered by means of a written 
memorandum signed by both Parties. The said memorandum shall be 
supplemental to and shall be deemed to form part of this Agreement. This 
Agreement shall not be changed, modified or discharged orally. 
 
CONSENT TO BREACH AND WAIVER:  No term or provision of this 
Agreement shall be deemed waived and no breach excused, unless the 
waiver or consent to the breach is in writing, signed by the Party making the 
waiver or giving the consent. Any consent by a Part y or waiver of a breach 
by the other, whether expressed or implied, shall not constitute consent to, 
waiver of, or excuse for any different or subsequent breach or continuation of 
the same breach, unless expressly stated. 
 
SEVERABILITY:  If any term or provision of this Agreement is found to be 
unenforceable or illegal, the rest of the Agreement remains in full force and 
effect, except that the offending term or provision is deemed to be removed 
from the Agreement. 
 
NOTICES: Except as otherwise stated in the Agreement, all notices to or 
upon the respective parties to this Agreement shall be in writing, and shall be 
deemed to have been fully given immediately when delivered by hand/e-mail 
or two business days after posting by prepaid registered post to the party to 
which such notice is required to be given under this Agreement, as defined in 
Section 4.1 of the CSA. Either party may by written notice designate a new 
address for notices given hereunder. 
 
Nothing herein shall preclude the delivery of notices pursuant hereto by 
means other than mailing, and if mailed delivery shall be deemed to be made 
five (5) business days following the date of mailing. 
 
FISCAL PERIOD: In the event this contract extends beyond the end of the 
fiscal period of Invest Nova Scotia then in such event any obligation of Invest 
Nova Scotia shall be subject to appropriation in the subsequent or later fiscal 
periods, as the case may be. 
 
TIME: Time shall be of the essence in this Agreement
  
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 28 of 29 
Appendix ”B” 
Consultant Services 
Personal Information Protection Terms & Conditions 
 
 
1. DEFINITIONS: 
 
 In Appendix B, “personal Information” has the same meaning as in the Freedom of 
Information and Protection of Privacy Act (Nova Scotia), S.N.S. 1993, c.5,. 
 
2. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
 The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that in providing the Consultant Services to 
Invest Nova Scotia  under this Agreement it shall only collect and use such personal 
information that is necessary to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. 
 
3. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:  
 
 The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that in providing the Consultant Services to 
Invest Nova Scotia  under this Agreement it shall at all times make reasonable security 
arrangements to protect personal information it collects or uses by or on behalf of Invest 
Nova Scotia  against such risks as unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or 
disposal. 
 
4. ACCESS, STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE CANADA: 
 
 Invest Nova Scotia  authorizes the Consultant, in providing the Consultant Services to 
Invest Nova Scotia under this Agreement, to store personal information outside Canada 
and to access personal information from outside Canada. 
 
5. TEMPORARY TRANSPORT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE CANADA: 
 
 Invest Nova Scotia  authorizes the Consultant, in providing the Consultant Services to 
Invest Nova Scotia  under this Agreement, to temporarily transport personal information 
outside Canada in a computer, a cell phone or another mobile electronic device, where 
there is a reasonable expectation the personal information is necessary for the 
Consultant’s performance of duties under this Agreement while travelling outside Canada. 
 
6. NOTICE: 
 
 The Consultant shall promptly notify Invest Nova Scotia  of any known or suspected 
unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or disposal of personal information the 
Consultant collects and uses on behalf of Invest Nova Scotia. 
 
  
  
 
RSO #INS2024-25-23  Page 29 of 29 
Schedule “A” 
 
1. Consultant’s Proposal, Dated XXX. 
 