TIC TEC MUL RFQ 2025 42R  IT Advisors  Page 1 of 28 
 
 
TRANSPORTATION INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
Multi-Use List Request for Qualifications 
Information Technology Advisors REVISED 
Opportunity ID: TIC TEC MULRFQ 2025 42 R 
Issue Date: September 10, 2024 
Initial Intake Date and Time (Pacific Time)  September 27, 2024 2:00:00 PM 
MULRFQ Termination Date and Time (Pacific 
Time): July 30, 2027 
In order to be considered for the Initial Intake, a Response must be received before the 
Initial Intake Response Date and Time identified above.  
Suppliers may submit Responses after the Initial Intake Date and Time and those 
Responses will be dealt with as described in section 3.5. 
 
Delivery of Submissions 
BC Bid Electronic Submission : Submit an electronic Submission using BC Bid. Submissions 
must be in accordance with the requirements set out in the process rules of the subject RFx. 
Only pre -authorized electronic bidders registered on the BC Bid system can make an 
electronic submission using the BC Bid system. 
Email Submission: Submit a Submission by email. Submissions by email must be 
submitted to the email address specified below in accordance with the email 
submission instructions set out in the process rules for the subject RF x. Include the 
opportunity description and ID in the subject line of the email. 
Procurement@ticorp.ca 
 
Official Contact 
procurement@ticorp.ca 

 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 2 of 28 
Table of Contents 
1. SUMMARY OF THE OPPORTUNITY ............................................................................................... 4 
2. DEFINITIONS USED IN THIS REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS ......................................................... 5 
3. THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS REQUEST FOR QUALIFICATIONS ......................................... 8 
3.1 Copyright .................................................................................................. 8 
3.2 MULRFQ Termination Date ..................................................................... 8 
3.3 Trade Agreements ................................................................................... 8 
3.4 MULRFQ Amendments and Addenda .................................................... 8 
3.5 Submission of Responses After the Initial Intake Date and Time ...... 9 
3.6 Qualifications Review Committee .......................................................... 9 
3.7 Review and Selection .............................................................................. 9 
3.8 Responses ................................................................................................ 9 
3.9 Expenses and Limitation of Liability ...................................................... 9 
3.10 The MULRFQ is not a Contract ............................................................... 10 
3.11 Changes to Response Wording .............................................................. 10 
3.12 A Response may be withdrawn at any time. ......................................... 10 
3.13 Modification of MULRFQ ......................................................................... 10 
3.14 Qualified Suppliers to Advise of Changes ............................................. 10 
3.15 Ownership of Responses ........................................................................ 11 
3.16 Collection and Use of Personal Information ......................................... 11 
3.17 Conflict of Interest, Unfair Advantage, Bias, and No Lobbying .......... 11 
3.18 Reservation of Rights .............................................................................. 12 
3.19 Acceptance of Terms and Conditions .................................................... 13 
3.20 Submission of Responses ....................................................................... 13 
3.21 Supplier Request for Participation in a Procurement .......................... 14 
3.22 Enquiries to the Official Contact ............................................................ 15 
4. BACKGROUND .......................................................................................................................... 16 
4.1 Corporation Responsibility ..................................................................... 16 
4.2 Background .............................................................................................. 16 
5. SERVICES DESCRIPTION ............................................................................................................. 18 
5.1 Services Description ................................................................................ 18 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 3 of 28 
5.1.1 OnBase Administrator 18 
5.1.2 Corporate Technology Trainer 18 
5.1.3 Microsoft 365 Developer 18 
5.1.4 Senior IT Project Manager 19 
5.1.5 Senior Business Analyst 19 
5.1.6 Business Analyst 20 
5.1.7 Enterprise, Technical, and Solutions Architect 20 
5.1.8 Technical Analyst 21 
5.1.9 Hyland Solution Architect 21 
6. HOW RESPONSES WILL BE EVALUATED ....................................................................................... 22 
6.1 Evaluation Process .................................................................................. 22 
6.1.1 Stage One: Evaluation of Mandatory Criteria 22 
6.1.2 Stage Two: Evaluation of Desirable Qualifications 22 
6.1.3 Stage Three: Reference Checks 23 
6.1.4 Stage Four: Notification and Debriefings 24 
7. HOW RESPONSES SHOULD BE ORGANIZED .................................................................................. 24 
8. HOW THE MULTI-USE LIST OF QUALIFIED SUPPLIERS WILL BE USED .............................................. 24 
8.1 Use of List ................................................................................................. 24 
8.1.1 Use on a Non-exclusive "as, if and when Requested" Basis 24 
8.1.2 Selection Methods 25 
8.1.3 No Obligation to Contract or Use the Multi-use List 26 
8.1.4 Form of Contract 26 
8.1.5 Tax Verification Letter 26 
8.1.6 Binding and Non-binding Competition Notices 26 
 SAMPLE FORMS ........................................................................................................ 28 
 RESOURCE QUALIFICATION FORM ............................................................................. 28 
 SUBMISSION DECLARATION ...................................................................................... 28 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 4 of 28 
1. Summary of the Opportunity 
Transportation Investment Corporation (“TI Corp”) is seeking to identify and retain individual 
advisors with significant experience for the provision of Information Technology Services to 
support the Corporation on multiple projects including EDRMS, SharePoint Integration etc.  
These individual advisors will be available to augment and complement existing expertise 
within TI Corp and on project teams, if and when required. The Services are described in 
greater detail in section 5 and the Appendices.   
Interested Supplier s are invited to submit a Response to this Multi-Use List Request for 
Qualifications (MULRFQ) for the opportunity to be evaluated to determine whether they are 
eligible and qualified to be included on  the Transportation Investment Corporation (TI Corp.) 
list of Qualified Suppliers to provide the specialized services described.  
This MULRFQ is intended to identify and evaluate Qualified Resources by reviewing the 
qualifications of specific employees , individual consultants, or subcontractors pr oposed by 
Respondents 
As described in section 8, on a non -exclusive “as, if and when requested” basis, only Qualified 
Suppliers with active Qualified Resources will be sent and may respond to Competition Notices 
that may issue from this MULRFQ.  No Competi tion Notices will be issued before the Initial 
Intake.   
Qualified Resources, as key personnel of the Contractor will be required to perform the Services 
under any Contract that results from a Competition Notice that is issued under the MULRFQ 
Interested Suppliers should familiarize themselves with the entirety of this MULRFQ and submit 
a Response as described in section 7.  
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 5 of 28 
2. Definitions used in this Request for Qualifications  
Throughout this Multi-Use List Request for Qualifications, the following definitions will be used 
(and the singular is interchangeable with the plural): 
1. Definitions 
Throughout this MULRFQ, the following definitions apply (and the singular is interchangeable 
with the plural): 
  
“Addenda” means all additional information regarding this MULRFQ including Amendments to 
the MULRFQ. The “Addenda” menu tab is located on the left margin of the specific opportunity 
in the BC Bid application. Suppliers may need to select and set the symbol denoted as “>>”  to 
reveal the menu tab items. 
“Amendment” means a change to the MULRFQ that results in posting an updated version of 
the MULRFQ. The amendment will indicate whether a Respondent is required to submit a new 
Response to the MULRFQ. Amendments will be noted in the amendment reason section of the 
“Overview” menu tab located on the left margin of the specific opportunity in the BC Bid 
application. Suppliers may need to select and set the symbol denoted as “>>” to reveal the menu 
tab items. 
“BC Bid” means BC Bid located at https://www.bcbid.gov.bc.ca; or any replacement website. 
“Closing Location” means, as applicable, the hard copy delivery location; email address; or BC 
Bid for the submission of Responses as indicated on the cover page of the MULRFQ and in the 
“delivery of submissions” section of the “overview” menu tab on BC Bid. 
“Competition Notice ” means the TI Corp ’s standard request for proposals solicitation 
document or such other custom solicitation document that is allowed by Core Policy for the TI 
Corp’s use. 
“Contract” means a written contract between the TI Corp and a Qualified Supplier in the form 
referenced in a Competition Notice. 
“Contractor” means a Qualified Supplier that has entered into a Contract. 
“Government Electronic Mail System” means the electronic mail system of the Province. 
“Initial Intake” means the initial intake and evaluation of Responses that are received before 
the Initial Intake Date and Time . After the Initial Intake Date and Time , Responses will be 
received on a continuous basis as further described in section 3.5. 
“Initial Intake Date and Time ” means the date and time set out on the  cover page of the 
MULRFQ and the “RFx general information” section of the “ overview” menu tab on BC Bid for 
the MULRFQ that applies to the Initial Intake of Responses. 
“Issue Date” means the date the MULRFQ was posted to BC Bid as set out in the “RFx general 
information” section of the “ overview” menu tab; and as initially set ou t on the cover page to 
the MULRFQ. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 6 of 28 
“MULRFQ” or “ Multi-Use List  Request for Qualifications ” means this solicitation process 
described on BC Bid, including any attached or referenced appendices, schedules or exhibits 
and as may be modified in writing from time to time by TI Corp by Addenda. 
“Multi-Use List of Qualified Suppliers” or “Multi-Use List” means the Qualified Suppliers, that 
have been determined by TI Corp to possess the qualifications described in this MULRFQ (or 
any subsequent modifications thereof, if any) and that have satisfied any conditions set by TI 
Corp for remaining on the Multi-use List. 
“must” or “ mandatory” means a requirement that must be met in order for a Response to 
receive consideration. 
“Official Contact” means the individual set out on the cover page of the MULRFQ and named 
on the “opportunity details” menu tab for the MULRFQ serving as the official MULRFQ contact 
person for TI Corp. 
“Province” means His Majesty the King in right of the Province of British Columbia and includes 
TI Corp. 
“Qualified Resource ” means a Resource that has been evaluated under this MULRFQ and 
meets the qualifications described in this MULRFQ and any condition set by TI Corp  for 
continuing to be considered qualified. 
“Qualified Supplier ” means a Resp ondent that meets the qualifications described in this 
MULRFQ and that has satisfied any conditions set by TI Corp for being added to, and staying 
on, the Multi-use List. 
“Resource” means an employee or subcontractor of a Respondent or Qualified Supplier that is 
proposed in the Response or, if Resources are not evaluated in this MULRFQ, a Resource 
proposed in response to a Competition Notice. 
“Resource Qualification Form” means the Response Form that is used to solicit Resource 
information for evaluation.  
“Respondent” means a Supplier that submits a Response. 
 “Response” means a written  response to the MULRFQ and includes the information and 
documentation, if any, required by the applicable Response Form(s) that is submitted by a 
Respondent or Qualified Supplier, as the case may be (see also “Submission”). 
“Response Form” means the Appendix Qualification Form(s), and as applicable, the Appendix 
B Resource Qualification Form, and any other document that is required to be submitted, if any, 
as part of a Response, including, if applicable, the Submission Declaration Form. 
“RFx” has the same meaning as MULRFQ as the term may appear in BC Bid, the Submission 
Declaration or BC Bid pop-up advisories associated with a Response. 
“Services” means the services described in the MULRFQ as set out in section Error! Reference s
ource not found.. 
“should” or “desirable” means a requirement having a significant degree of importance to the 
objectives of this MULRFQ. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 7 of 28 
“Submission” as used in the Submission Declaration form and any pop-up advisories related to 
this MULRFQ has the same meaning as Response. 
“Submission Declaration Form means the form so identified and named in the MULRFQ for 
use with Responses submitted by email or hard copy delivery if such submission methods are 
allowed by the MULRFQ. 
“Supplier” means a natural person or single legal entity (excluding its parents, subsidiaries, or 
other affiliates) with the legal capacity to contract that seeks to supply or supplies goods or 
services and includes, as the context may require, Respondents and Qualified Suppliers. 
“Tax Verification Letter” means a letter issued by the Province’ s Ministry of Finance to verify 
that, if required, a Qualified Supplier prior to becoming a Contractor, meets its applicable B.C. 
corporate income tax filing obligations and provincial sales tax (PST) filing and payment 
obligations. See, section 8.1.5. 
“Termination Date ” means the date (including any modifications thereof) that marks the 
termination and end of the period of validity for the MULRFQ and t he Multi-use List as set out 
on the cover page of the MULRFQ and in the “RFx general information” section of the “overview” 
menu tab in BC Bid.  
“You” and “Your” as used in the Submission Declaration and any pop -up advisories related to 
this MULRFQ has the same meaning as Respondent. 
  
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 8 of 28 
 
3. The Terms and Conditions of this Request for 
Qualifications  
3.1 Copyright 
This document is subject to copyright and may be used, reproduced, modified, and distributed 
to the extent necessary for the Supplier to prepare and submit a Response. 
3.2 MULRFQ Termination Date 
Unless terminated earlier, or extended, the MULRFQ and its perio d of validity ends and is 
terminated on the date set out on the “overview” menu tab of BC Bid and the cover page of the 
MULRFQ. 
3.3 Trade Agreements 
The Multi-Use List of Qualified Suppliers established under this MULRFQ may be used for 
procurements covered by the following trade agreements: 
a) New West Partnership Trade Agreement; 
b) Canadian Free Trade Agreement; 
c) Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement; and 
d) Canada-UK Trade Continuity Agreement. 
3.4 MULRFQ Amendments and Addenda 
It is the sole responsibility of the Respondents, Suppliers and Qualified Suppliers to check for 
Addenda and Amendments on BC Bid. 
Suppliers, Respondents and Qualified Suppliers are encouraged to become a registered user of 
BC Bid and to subscribe to BC Bid’s email notification service in order to receive notices 
regarding Amendments and procurements or other opportunities organized by commodity 
codes selected by the registered user. BC Bid’s email notification service is an annual fee-based 
subscription service, and the duration of the registration process may vary for different users. 
Suppliers, Respondents and Qualified Suppliers  should refer to the BC Bid website for more 
information. 
Respondents, Suppliers and Qualified Suppliers should continually monitor the MULRFQ as 
published on BC Bid in the event any Amendment or Addenda to the MULRFQ have the effect 
of requiring a Respondent or Qualified Supplier to submit a new Respo nse to the MULRFQ in 
lieu of any Response to the MULRFQ that a Respondent or Qualified Supplier  may have 
submitted before such Amendment or Addenda. All Amendments will be noted in the 
amendment reason section of the “overview” menu tab on BC Bid. All Addenda will be noted on 
the “addenda” menu tab. 
 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 9 of 28 
3.5 Submission of Responses After the Initial Intake Date and Time 
Suppliers, Respondents and Qualified Suppliers may submit a Response at any time before the 
MULRFQ Termination Date. 
Any Response received after the Initial Intake  Date and Time will be subject to that Response 
having been submitted  in the manner as outlined in this MULRFQ and will be evaluated and 
considered for inclusion on the Multi-Use List within a reasonably short period of time after the 
Response is received, accounting for TI Corp  to reasonably and pract icably convene a 
qualifications review committee to evaluate such Response. 
A Respondent who is not successful in becoming a Qualified Supplier may submit a new 
Response after the Initial Intake Date and Time. TI Corp will evaluate all such new Response(s) 
without consideration to any past Response(s) and consistent with the evaluation process 
described in this MULRFQ. 
If this MULRFQ is also intended to qualify Resources, Qualified Suppliers may submit additional 
Resources for consideration by completing a new Resource Qualification Template (and any 
other documents applicable to reviewing the qualifications of Resources) for the  new 
Resource(s) for evaluation by TI Corp. 
3.6 Qualifications Review Committee 
Responses will be assessed by a qualifications review committee formed from time to time by 
TI Corp. The qualifications review committee may change in composition from time-to-time and 
may include contractors of the TI Corp. 
3.7 Review and Selection 
Responses will be assessed in light of the qualification review criteria. TI Corp will be under no 
obligation to receive further information, whether written or oral, from any Respondent. 
Responses will be assessed by a qualifications review committee formed from ti me to time by 
TI Corp. The qualifications review committee may change in composition from time-to-time and 
may include contractors of the TI Corp. 
The qualifications review committee will evaluate Responses as described in section 
 . 
3.8 Responses 
By submitting a Response, the Respondent agrees that such Response will be deemed to have 
been submitted with all due authorization of the Respondent and that th e Respondent is 
agreeing to the terms and conditions of the MULRFQ, including how procurements are 
conducted under section 8 and the minimum time that a Qualified Supplier may have to 
respond to a Competition Notice as set out in section 8.1.2. 
3.9 Expenses and Limitation of Liability 
Suppliers, Respondents and Qualified Suppliers  are solely responsible for their own expenses 
in preparing a Response. TI Corp will not be liable to any Supplier, Respondent or Qualified 
Supplier for any claims (in contract, tort or otherwise) including for costs or damages incurred 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 10 of 28 
in preparing a Response, any errors or technical difficulties associated with transmitting 
Responses by or email or hard-copy, or any other matter whatsoever. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this section shall l imit the right of a Respondent or 
Qualified Supplier to access and utilize the Bid Protest Mechanism established under the New 
West Partnership Trade Agreement.  
3.10 The MULRFQ is not a Contract 
This MULRFQ is neither an offer nor an agreement to purchase any Services from any Supplier. 
Nor is this MULRFQ an offer or an agreement to enter, or to select any Qualified Supplier to 
enter into a Contract.  TI Corp is not bound to enter into a Contract with any Qualified Supplier. 
Notice in writing to a Respondent that it has been identified as a Qualified Supplier will not give 
the Respondent any legal or equitable rights or privileges relative to the Services that a 
Qualified Supplier may render as a Contractor. Only if a Qualified Supplier and TI Corp enter 
into a subsequent full written Contract will a Respondent acquire any legal or equitable rights 
or privileges. TI Corp  makes no representations whatsoever with respect to the number of 
Competition Notices or Contracts that may be issued under the MULRFQ. 
3.11 Changes to Response Wording 
The Respondent will not change the wording of its Response after the Response is submitted, 
and no words or comments will be added to the Response unless requested by TI Corp. for 
purposes of clarification. If the Respondent wis hes to amend its submitted Response , the 
Respondent will need to withdraw the Response in accordance with below section 3.12 and 
submit a new Response.  
3.12 A Response may be withdrawn at any time. 
A Respondent or Qualified Supplier may withdraw its Response, or as the case may be, withdraw 
from the MULRFQ at any time by notifying the Official Contact in writing by email. 
3.13 Modification of MULRFQ 
TI Corp reserves the right to modify this MULRFQ at any time in its sole discretion, including 
changing the MULRFQ Termination Date, or cancelling this MULRFQ. 
3.14 Qualified Suppliers to Advise of Changes 
Qualified Suppliers will promptly advise the Official Contact of any change in submitted 
qualifications for the Qualified Supplier, or, if applicable, a Qualified Resource; point of contact 
information for notices; business entity structure; business name; or other such changes that 
would affect the Qualified Supplier’s or Qualified Resources. 
If this MULRFQ is intended to qualify Resources and a Qualified Supplier no longer has any 
Qualified Resources (e.g. because the last Qualified Resource  has left the Qualified Supplier’s 
employment, has had its eligibility withdrawn by TI Corp, or is otherwise no longer available), 
the Qualified Supplier is required to notify the Official Contact and will no longer be considered 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 11 of 28 
a Qualified Supplier. Despite the foregoing, a Qualified Supplier can reapply to the MULRFQ by 
submitting a new Response. 
3.15 Ownership of Responses 
All documents, including Responses, submitted to TI Corp become the property of the TI Corp. 
They will be received and held in confidence by TI Corp, subject to the provisions of the Freedom 
of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. Documents will not be returned to Respondents even 
if the Response is withdrawn. For more information on the application of the Act, go to  
http://www.cio.gov.bc.ca/cio/priv_leg/index.page. 
3.16 Collection and Use of Personal Information 
Respondents and Qualified Suppliers are solely responsible for familiarizing themselves with, 
and ensuring that they comply with, the laws applicable to the collection and dissemination of 
information, including resumes and other personal information concerning any Resources. If 
this MULRFQ requests Respondents and Qualified Suppliers to provide TI Corp with personal 
information of Resources, the Respondents or Qualified Suppliers will ensure that they have 
obtained written consent from each of those Resources before forwarding such personal 
information to TI Corp. Such written consents are to specify that the personal information may 
be forwarded to TI Corp for the purposes of responding to this MULRFQ and used by TI Corp 
for the purposes set out in the MULRFQ. TI Corp may, at any time, request the original consents 
or copies of the original consents from  Respondents or Qualified  Suppliers, and upon such 
request being made, Respondents or Qualified Suppliers will immediately supply such originals 
or copies to TI Corp. 
All Qualified Suppliers, including any of their Resources, expressly consent to their respective 
names being published in a publicly facing manner on the Multi -Use List, if TI Corp , in its 
discretion, decides to make such information public.  
3.17 Conflict of Interest, Unfair Advantage, Bias, and No Lobbying 
a) By submitting a Response, the Respondent confirms that the current or past employment 
or other interests or relationships of the Respondent (including a Respondent’s 
subcontractors and named personnel, if any) do not create or lead to any actual, potential 
or perceived conflict of interest, unfair advantage, bias or reasonable apprehension of 
bias that would favor the Respondent (including a Respondent’s subcontractors and 
named personnel, if any) with respect to this procurement process. A Respondent may be 
disqualified if the Respondent’s (including a Respondent’s subcontractors and named 
personnel, if any) current or past corporate or other interests, may, in the TI Corp’s  
opinion, give rise to an actual or potential conflict of interest , unfair advantage or 
reasonable apprehension of bias that would favor the Respondent  (including a 
Respondent’s subcontractors and named personnel, if any) and thereby import unfairness 
into the Procurement process.  This incl udes, but is not limited to, involvement by a 
Respondent (including a Respondent’s subcontractors and named personnel, if any) in the 
preparation and administration of the MULRFQ or Competition Notices or a relationship 
with any employee, contractor or representative of TI Corp involved in preparation of and 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 12 of 28 
administration of the MULRFQ, Competition Notices  or participating on the evaluation 
committee or in the administration of a Contract. 
b) If a Respondent is in doubt as to whether there might be a conflict of interest, unfair 
advantage or reasonable apprehension of bias, the Respondent should consult its own 
advisors and notify and consult with the Official Contact prior to submitting a Response.  
c) A Respondent must not attempt to influence the outcome of the  MULRFQ process by 
engaging in lobbying activities. Any attempt by the Respondent to communicate for this 
purpose directly or indirectly with any employee, contractor, or representative of TI Corp, 
including members of the evaluation committee and any elected officials of TI Corp, or 
with the media, may result in disqualification of the Respondent, and/or Qualified Supplier 
as the case may be. 
3.18 Reservation of Rights  
In addition to any other discretionary rights or reserved rights, TI Corp reserves the right, in its 
sole discretion to: 
a) waive any non-material irregularity, defect, or deficiency in a Response; 
b) request clarification(s) from a Respondent, or as applicable, a Qualified Supplier  with 
respect to its Response, including clarification(s) with respect to its Response on non -
material administrative matters (e.g., a matter that is not scored) or where Response 
provisions are ambiguous, without any obligation to make such a request to an y other 
Respondent, or as applicable, a Qualified Supplier, and consider such clarification(s) in 
evaluating the Response; 
c) reject any Response due to unsatisfactory references or unsatisfactory past performance 
under contracts with TI Corp, or any material error, omission, or misrepresentation in the 
Response; 
d) exclude a Respondent, or as applicable, a Qualified Supplier from participation in the 
MULRFQ, at any point in the MULRFQ process, or to exclude a  Qualified Supplier from 
participation in a subsequent  procurement associated with a Competition Notice issued 
under this MULRFQ, where there is supporting evidence, on grounds of one or more of 
the following:  
i) bankruptcy or insolvency;  
ii) false declarations or misrepresentations;  
iii) significant or persistent deficiencies in performance of any substantive requirement 
or obligation under a prior contract or contracts with TI Corp;  
iv) final judgments in respect of serious crimes or other serious offences;  
v) professional misconduct or acts or omissions that adversely reflect on the 
commercial integrity of the Respondent or Qualified Supplier; or 
vi) engaging in conduct prohibited by the Competition Act  such as bid -rigging as 
described in section 47 of th e Competition Act , or engaging in conspiracies, 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 13 of 28 
agreements or arrangements between competitors as described in section 45 of the 
Competition Act; 
vii) failure to pay taxes; and  
e) remove a Qualified Supplier from the Multi-Use List or, if applicable, remove a Qualified 
Resource’s eligibility, for failing to meet the requirements for staying on the Multi-Use List 
of Qualified Suppliers as set out in this MULRFQ, or as may be communicated by TI Corp 
from time to time.  On request by su ch Qualified Supplier, TI Corp will provide written 
reasons for the removal. 
3.19 Acceptance of Terms and Conditions 
Submitting a Response indicates acceptance of all the terms and conditions set out in the 
MULRFQ, including all appendices, Addenda and these MULRFQ process rules.   
A Response must be signed by a person authorized to sign on behalf of the Respondent:  
a) For Responses submitted through BC Bid, clicking the “ I Agree and Submit”  button that 
follows the pop -up advisory associated with Response submissi on constitutes the 
signature of the Respondent and is acceptable without additional signature. By 
submitting its Response electronically through BC Bid, the Respondent is agreeing to the 
terms and conditions of the MULRFQ, and terms and conditions set out in the pop -up 
advisory that BC Bid displays prior to Response submission.  
b) For Responses submitted by hard copy to a physical address or Responses submitted by 
email, Respondents must prepare and submit the Submission Declaration form that is 
available for download and located in the “RFx documents” section of the “overview” menu 
tab for the MULRFQ.  
c) Should a Respondent elect to use submission methods (if allowed) other than submitting 
through BC Bid, the Respondent consents to TI Corp taking such steps that are necessary 
to input information from Respondent’s Response into BC Bid.  
3.20 Submission of Responses 
a) For electronic submissions (BC Bid or email), the following applies: 
(i) The Respondent is solely responsible for ensuring that the complete electronic 
Response, including all attachments, is received by the TI Corp; 
(ii) The maximum size of any attachment uploaded to BC Bid electronically, is required to 
be 500 MB or less; 
(iii) The maximum size of each email attachment is required to be 20 MB or less 
(Respondents are solely responsible for ensuring that email Response submissions 
comply with any size restrictions imposed by the Respondents’ internet service provider); 
(iv) Respondents should submit email Responses in a single email and avoid sending 
multiple email submissions for the same opportunity.  If the file size of an electronic 
submission exceeds the applicable maximum size, the Respondent may make multiple 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 14 of 28 
submissions (BC Bid upload or multiple emails for the same opportunity) to reduce 
attachment file size to be within the maximum applicable size; Respondents should 
identify the order and number of emails making up the email Response submission (e.g. 
“email 1 of 3, email 2 of 3…”); 
(v) For email Response submissions sent through multiple emails TI Corp reserves the 
right to seek clarification or reject the Response if TI Corp is unable to determine what 
documents constitute the complete Response;  
(vi) Attachments must not be compressed, must not contain a virus or malware, must not 
be corrupted and must be able to be opened. Respondents submitting by electronic 
submission are solely responsible for ensuring that any emails or attachments are not 
corrupted. TI Corp may reject Responses that are compressed, cannot be opened or that 
contain viruses or malware or corrupted attachments.  
b) Respondents are encouraged to become a registered e -bidding user of BC Bid. Only 
registered e-bidding users of BC Bid can make electronic Responses on BC Bid. BC Bid e-
bidding is an annual fee-based subscription service and the duration of the registration 
process for e-bidding may vary for different users. Respondents should refer to the BC Bid 
website for further information 
c) For email or  hard copy Response submissions, including any changes to a Response or 
any withdrawal of a Response referred to in sections 3.11 and 3.12, the subject line of the 
email and any attachment should  be clearly marked w ith the name of the Respondent, 
the MULRFQ opportunity ID and the opportunity description.   
d) The Respondent bears all risk associated with delivering its Response by electronic 
submission, including but not limited to delays in transmission between the Respondent’s 
computer and the Government Electronic Mail System or BC Bid. 
e) While TI Corp may allow for email Response submissions, the Respondent acknowledges 
that email transmissions may be  unreliable. The Respondent is solely responsible for 
ensuring that i ts complete email Response submission and all attachments have been 
received. If the Respondent receives any email confirmation from TI Corp  that is 
associated with an email Response submission, despite the content of such email, any 
such email will not serve to confirm that a complete, sufficient, or timely Response or 
other related submission has been made by the Respondent or received by TI Corp.  
f) An alternate submission method not  initially permitted by the MULRFQ may be made 
available, at TI Corp’s discretion, before the MULRFQ Termination Date and Time, and it is 
the Respondent’s sole responsibility for ensuring that a complete Response (and all 
attachments) submitted using an ap proved alternate submission method is received by 
TI Corp before the MULRFQ Termination Date and Time. TI Corp makes no guarantee that 
an alternative submission method will be available or that the alternate method available 
will ensure that a Respondent’s Response is received before the MULRFQ Termination 
Date and Time. 
3.21 Supplier Request for Participation in a Procurement 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 15 of 28 
Where TI Corp rejects a Supplier’s request for participation in a procurement conducted under 
section 8, TI Corp will promptly inform the Supplier and, on request of that Supplier, offer that 
Supplier a debriefing regarding its decision. The debriefing will be, at the sole option of TI Corp, 
by telephone conference or some other means. On request of the Supplier, TI Corp will 
promptly provide a written explanation for its decision. 
3.22 Enquiries to the Official Contact  
Enquiries related to this MULRFQ including any requests for information or clarif ication may 
only be directed in writing to the Official Contact using the “enquiries” interface or the email 
address identified on the “opportunity details” menu tab. Information obtained from any other 
source is not official and should not be relied upon. Enquiries and any responses providing new 
information will be recorded and posted to BC Bid or otherwise distributed to Suppliers, 
Respondents, and Qualified Suppliers . Despite the foregoing, TI Corp may choose in its sole 
discretion not to respond, respond in whole or in part, or reformulate enquiries in whole or in 
part. TI Corp  may in its sole discretion choose whether to post any such enquiries (as 
reformulated if reformulated) and responses to BC Bid or otherwise distribute to Suppliers, 
Respondents and Qualified Suppliers. 
  
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 16 of 28 
4. Background 
4.1 Corporation Responsibility 
TI Corp was established under the Transportation Investment Act. TI Corp became a subsidiary 
of B.C. Transportation Finance Authority (BCTFA) on April 1, 2018, with a mandate to provide 
enhanced oversight, management and delivery of major capital infrastructure projects.  
Collectively referred to as “Assigned Major Projects”, those for which TI Corp is accountable to 
the Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure and the Ministry of Tourism, Arts, Culture and 
Sport as of July 2022 include:  
1. the Pattullo Bridge Replacement Project (PBR)  
2. the Broadway Subway Project (BSP)  
3. the Kicking Horse Canyon Project – Phase 4 (KHCP4)  
4. Highway 99 Tunnel Program – includes the Fraser River Tunnel Project (FRTP), 
Steveston Interchange Project (SIP) and the Transit and Cycling Improvements 
(TCI)  
5. Collections and Research Building (CRB)  
6. Surrey Langley SkyTrain Project (SLS)  
 
Additional major capital infrastructure projects may be assigned from time to time.  
Assigned Major Project teams have been established to define technical design and 
construction requirements, to manage the procurement processes to award design -build or 
design-build-finance contracts , and to manage the contracts throughout project 
implementation. TI Corp draws on both internal and external resources to plan and carry out 
the delivery of its Assigned Major Projects. 
4.2 Background 
The primary focus of TI Corp’s mandate  to successfully deliver major capital infrastructure 
projects includes consistent oversight  and management of these Assigned Major Projects .  
Under the direction of TI Corp’s Chief Information Officer, the Information Management and 
Technology (IM/IT) team ensures that TI Corp’s Assigned Major Project teams have the software 
tools needed to accomplish this. 
As a Public Sector corporation, TI Corp  uses the  cloud-powered Microsoft 365 productivity 
platform applications and services hosted and delivered by the Office of the Chief Information 
Officer (OCIO) of British Columbia. The OCIO also leads and oversees  strategy, policy and 
standards for telecommunications, information technology, IT security and the management 
of the IM/IT investment portfolio for the Province.  Additionally, TI Corp utilizes many other 
custom solutions including commercial off-shelf third-party software. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 17 of 28 
As TI Corp’s mandate expands, so too does our need to replace, develop, upgrade and maintain 
multiple applications and other third-party software tools.   
TI Corp has procured and is deploying  a highly configurable Enterprise Content Management 
platform called OnBase (by Hyland) which includes a n Electronic Document and Records 
Management (EDRMS) module which TI Corp’s EDRMS Project Team is currently implementing.  
TI Corp is also replatforming and/or upgrading  many of its existing software applications in 
order to  provide the security, access, version control and audit functionality required to 
appropriately support the organization’s IT infrastructure now and in the future.  Additionally, 
TI Corp is working with KPMG to develop its enterprise technology roadmap span ning all IT 
architectural domains including IM/IT security. 
Therefore, there is a need for experienced and capable technical resources to assist TI Corp by 
providing professional technical services on an as-required basis.   
  
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 18 of 28 
5. Services Description 
This section describes the Services for which the list of Qualified Suppliers may be used. 
5.1 Services Description 
The following sub -sections list the Service Areas and details the types of project advisory 
services that the Corporation may require from Qualified Suppliers. 
5.1.1 OnBase Administrator 
An individual providing Services in this role will utilize his/her hands-on experience with OnBase 
EP5 delivered via Hyland’s Global Cloud Services (GCS) to support TI Corp’s staff in developing, 
configuring, and maintaining TI Corp’s  OnBase solution .  OnBase Administration Services 
include, but are not limited to troubleshooting end-user issues with the Unity and Web Clients 
and employing the use of Hyland’s Diagnostic Console and Cloud Portal softwares for this 
purpose when necessary , developing/updating Unity Forms , executing configuration and 
administrative tasks using the Configuration and Thick Client softwares  via Hyland’s Citrix 
Workspace, using OnBase Studio to develop/update automated workflows, ad-hoc and system 
tasks, notifications, scripts, and WorkView objects/applications , an d s uggesting options to  
mature, improve, and/or enhance the solution. 
An individual providing Services in this role may also be called on to participate in EDRMS Project 
activities such as  developing system design and specification documents , working with 
stakeholders to develop and propose solutions and options based on functional requirements, 
and training.  
5.1.2 Corporate Technology Trainer 
An individual providing Services in this role will utilize his/her advanced presentation and 
instructor skills to develop, coordinate, and deliver training in the use of OnBase Unity and Web 
client softwares.  Advisors will develop and maintain training materials for both initial system 
deployment and onboarding as well as subsequent system upgrades ensure that trainees’ 
learning experience is interactive, effective and accessible to all participants through in-person 
and virtual platforms.  Although experience with OnBase is preferred, advisors are not required 
to have existing OnBase experience; however, those without OnBase experience must have the 
advanced skills neces sary to quickly develop and complete  a self-directed learning regime in 
order to quickly acquire the knowledge and expertise necessary to develop and deliver 
comprehensive, high-quality training support to the Corporation as needed.  Assignments may 
also extend to other TI Corp software platforms if/as needed. 
5.1.3 Microsoft 365 Developer 
An individual providing Services in this role will utilize his/her comprehensive knowledge of and 
experience with Microsoft’s Enterprise Online platform to lead the adoption, integration, and 
customization of Microsoft 365 Enterprise Applications & Services  to streamline and/or 
automate TI Corp business processes and improve productivity .   Assignments for advisors in 
this role will include the design and implementation of integrated solutions that utilize any 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 19 of 28 
combination of the Microsoft 365 Enterprise Applications & Services delivered and/or supported 
by the OCIO, e.g. MS Teams, OneDrive, SharePoint, Planner, Power Apps, Power Automate, 
Power BI , etc .  Assignments will also include ongoing support and troubleshooting , 
maintenance, training, and updates as necessary to ensure these solutions remain healthy and 
fully functional.  
5.1.4 Senior IT Project Manager 
An individual providing Services in this role will  apply his/her advanced project management 
skills and experience to lead and manage complex IT projects that span multiple business units 
and require interoperability between BC Government technologies, computing services and 
hosting environments and Software -as-a-Service (SaaS) vendor technologies, computing 
services, and hosting environments.  Assignments will include managing resources, schedules, 
and financials throughout the project's life cycle  including management of issues, risks, and 
project change requests to ensure successful and on-time project delivery.  This role requires a 
strategic thinker with strong organizational , leadership,  and conflict management skills, a 
collaborative approach to problem -solving, and extensive experience using  project 
management tools.  Advisors will collaborate and coordinate with stakeholders both internal 
and external to TI Corp having differing concerns and priorities and will report on project status 
to senior management and executive stakeholders regularly.  Senior IT Project Manager 
assignments will require familiarity with BC Public sector contract management and 
procurement policies and procedures as well as a high degree of proficiency in both written 
and oral communications; advisors must have an English language proficiency level1 equivalent 
to or exceeding:  
• American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages (ACTFL) = Advanced High 
• Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) Level = C1  
• Interagency Language Roundtable (ILR) Scale = S4 W4 R4 L4 
5.1.5 Senior Business Analyst 
An individual providing Services in this role will leverage his/her extensive experience, superior 
discovery, analysis and group facilitation expertise, and deep understanding of information 
management processes to assist TI Corp with project planning and implementation, project 
team oversight and facilitation , authoring of project artefacts  produced in accordance with 
Software Deve lopment Life Cycle ( Waterfall, V -Model, etc. ) and Agile Methodologies.  
Assignments require efficient self -directed individuals with strong organizational, leadership, 
and conflict management skills, a collaborative approach to problem -solving, and extensi ve 
experience working with diverse stakeholder groups.  Assignments will also require superior 
documentation skills, extensive experience and skill in  enterprise business process re -
engineering and related change management as well as knowledge of BC Gover nment 
 
1 There are three very well -known language proficiency scales used around the world: the ACTFL scale, the CEFR scale, and the 
ILR scale. Each scale measures linguistic abilities on various levels to reflect an individual's ability to communicate effectively in a 
target language. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 20 of 28 
technology/data standards and information and records management requirements.  Advisors 
will be tasked with  identification and documentation of existing business processes and 
workflows, subsequent analysis and identification of process optimization  opportunities, and 
business process re-engineering and automation across TI Corp’s business units.  Assignments 
may also include developing IT solution acceptance criteria definitions, testing, group training, 
implementation, maintenance, and Project Close out activities including documenting lessons 
learned. 
Senior Business Analyst assignments will require a n extremely high degree of proficiency in 
both written and oral communications; advisors must have an English language proficiency 
level equivalent to or exceeding:  
• American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages (ACTFL) = Superior 
• Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR) Level = C2  
• Interagency Language Roundtable (ILR) Scale = S4+ W4+ R4+ L4+ 
5.1.6 Business Analyst 
An individual providing Services in this role will review and evaluate current business processes 
to identify gaps, provide detailed business process diagrams, identify and document 
requirements according to according to industry standard software delivery fr ameworks 
including Software Development Life Cycle (Waterfall, V-Model, etc.) and Agile Methodologies, 
and ensuring information privacy and data requirements are met.  This role will assist with 
producing Security and Threat Risk Assessments (STRA), Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA) and 
defining functional requirements and detailed workflow specifications including specific 
acceptance test scripts and managing the user acceptance testing process.  Additional services 
may include development of current solution architecture, solution abstracts, conceptual data 
models, deployment plan documentation, business requirements documentation, liaising with 
Commercial off the shelf (COTS) Vendors on possible changes to the COTS solution and 
assistance with project planning and transition plans including end user training materials and 
project close out activities. 
5.1.7 Enterprise, Technical, and Solutions Architect 
An individual providing Services in this role will utilize his/her extensive training, experience and 
skills in the disciplines of IT Enterprise, Technical, and Solutions Architecture to  assist TI Corp 
with translating its business requirements into IT capabilities by developing comprehensive 
architectural models.  Advisors will identify and assess TI Corp’s current Enterprise Architecture, 
measure it against TI Corp’s enterprise technology roadmap, identify and document gaps, and 
propose gap resolution options.  An individual providing Services in this role will also utilize the 
outcome of this assessment to continue development and maturation of TI Corp’s  enterprise 
technology roadmap, consistent architecture methods, standards and tools, as well as overall 
timelines and milestones related to implementation of the preceding .  Additionally, 
assignments will include completing specifications for enterprise architect artefacts such as 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 21 of 28 
reference architecture and conceptual architecture, providing input into the IM/IT Approved 
Strategic Plan, and working with various IT project teams as a resource advisor. 
5.1.8 Technical Analyst  
An individual providing Services in this role will be tasked with providing technical support and 
assistance with computing hardware, software, computer peripherals, digital office equipment, 
and data network and working closely with various departments and project teams to ensure 
the smooth operation of TI Corp’s  IT infrastructure.   Assignments will  also include 
troubleshooting to resolve technical issues promptly, supporting and facilitating regular system 
updates/patches and maintenance to ensure optimal performance and security, assisting with 
the deployment and configuration of new hardware and software , and maintaining accurate 
records of technical issues and resolutions in TI Corp’s ticketing system.  Additionally, advisors 
will provide training and support to end users both virtually and onsite at various TI Corp offices 
in the lower mainland, collaborate with other IT teams to address complex technical issues, and 
provide support for s pecial technology projects such as workstation refreshes, boardroom 
equipment refreshes, office moves, and new office installations as needed.  
5.1.9 Hyland Solution Architect  
An individual providing Services in this role will utilize his/her superior group facilitation a nd 
business analysis skills in combination with his/her extensive knowledge and experience with 
OnBase and all Hyland softwares that interoperate with OnBase EP5 delivered via Hyland’s 
Global Cloud Services (GCS) to assist TI Corp with improving and maturi ng its OnBase GCS 
deployment.  TI Corp’s current OnBase configuration supports the import, storage, and 
retrieval of a subset of its assigned major project documents for a single assigned major project.  
Upcoming phases of the EDRMS Project expand this con figuration to include new content 
(document) types, file types, and automated workflows for multiple assigned major projects as 
well as TI Corp’s centralized assigned major project services and corporate functions.  
Assignments for advisors in this role wi ll include conducting a gap analysis of current OnBase 
configuration, facilitating discovery workshops and executing analysis of current business 
processes related to document management, and documenting proposals for future state 
automation of these proce sses using the OnBase platform and other Hyland softwares that 
interoperate with it.  Examples include, but are not limited to, Integrated Office Viewer, 
Workflow, WorkView, ShareBase, OnBase Video, and Hyland Intelligent Document Processing. 
 
  
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 22 of 28 
6. How Responses will be Evaluated 
6.1 Evaluation Process 
TI Corp’s evaluation of Responses includes four stages as follows: 
6.1.1 Stage One: Evaluation of Mandatory Criteria 
Responses not clearly demonstrating that they meet the following mandatory  criteria will be 
excluded from further consideration during the evaluation process: 
Mandatory Criteria 
The Response must be delivered in accordance with the delivery instructions on the cover page 
of this MULRFQ and as may be set out “delivery of submissions” located in the “overview” menu 
tab in BC Bid. 
The Resource Qualifications Template (Appendix B) must be submitted as part of the Response 
for each Resource being proposed (to a maximum of 3 resources per category). 
Response must be in English 
A Submission Declaration signed and prepared by Respondent for Responses submitted by 
email or hard copy must be submitted as part of the Response.  
The Response must be in writing and, if in electronic form, must be able to be opened and read 
by TI Corp. If TI Corp. cannot read or open any attachment to a Response, the Response will be 
rejected in its entirety. 
6.1.2 Stage Two: Evaluation of Desirable Qualifications 
Responses that meet all mandatory criteria will be further assessed against the desirable 
qualifications. 
The Corporation will evaluate Resource qualifications only. 
The desirable qualifications for Resources are identified in the Respondent Qualification 
Template. Response Guidelines, which provide guidance about what Respondents should 
provide to demonstrate their Resources meet the qualifications are also provided in those 
templates 
TI Corp will evaluate the Respondent’s response to each response guideline and as sign points 
based on how well the response demonstrates that the Respondent  or Resource, as the case 
may be, meets or exceeds the associated desirable qualifications. 
Each response guideline identifies how many points it is worth in the evaluation of desir able 
qualifications and if it has a minimum score associated with it.  
6.1.2.1    Resource’s Qualifications 
If this MULRFQ is intended to qualify Resources, to pass this stage of the evaluation, Resources 
are required to both: 
1) Meet or exceed any minimum scores associ ated with individual response guidelines in 
the Resource Qualification Template; and 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 23 of 28 
2) Meet or exceed any minimum overall score identified in the Resource Qualification 
Template. 
Any Resource that does not meet the criteria above will not pass this stage and will receive no 
further consideration. 
If this MULRFQ is intended to qualify Resources,  and none of a Respondent’s Resources pass 
this stage of the evaluation, the Respondent will not pass this stage of the evaluation. 
6.1.3 Stage Three: Reference Checks 
TI Corp may conduct reference checks on Respondents, including, if applicable, any Resources 
proposed, that have passed stage two.  
Reference checks may be conducted on the Respondent, and if applicable, proposed 
Resources on a pass -fail basis. The Corporatio n may reject any Respondent or proposed 
Resource for which references requested are not provided or if requested, the references, 
in the Corporation’s sole opinion, are deemed to be unsatisfactory. If a Respondent was 
allowed to propose Resources in the MU LRFQ and all the Resources proposed by the 
Respondent fail the reference check, if any, the Respondent will be deemed to have failed 
the reference check.  
Any reference cannot be a contact internal to the Respondent’s or Resource’s organization e.g. 
the referee cannot be a co -worker, supervisor, or other internal contact. Referees need to be 
from a party that is not the Respondent  or the Resource . For each referee, the Respondent 
should provide the following information:  
a) Name of the referee and their organ ization, together with the position, mailing address, 
telephone number and email address of the referee; and 
b) Current relationship of the Respondent or Resource, if any, with the referee.  
Failure to provide the referee  information set out above , if request ed, will result in the 
Respondent, the Resource, or both the Respondent and the Resource , failing the reference 
check. 
In addition, TI Corp  reserves the right to contact references that were not provided by the 
Respondent to obtain  references pertaining to the Respondent and Respondent Resource (if 
applicable). This includes contacting substitute referees from the same reference company as 
the one provided by the Respondent.  
TI Corp  reserves the right, on a pass -fail basis, to reject any Resp ondent or, if applicable, 
proposed Resource if any of these other references, if any, in TI Corp’s sole opinion, are deemed 
to be unsatisfactory. 
Stage three does not supersede any other reservation of rights in favour of TI Corp, including 
any reservation of rights set out in section 3.18. 
In addition to the Stage three reference check, TI Corp reserves the right to recheck Qualified 
Supplier and Qualified Resource references, and to recheck proposed references in connection 
with a particular Competition Notice. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 24 of 28 
6.1.4 Stage Four: Notification and Debriefings 
Respondents will be notified as to whether  the Respondent has become a Qualified Supplier 
and, if applicable, which proposed Resources have become Qualified Resources. 
TI Corp will offer a debriefing to Respondents. The debriefing  will be at a mutually agreeable 
time and, at the sole option of TI Corp, by telephone conference or some other means . On 
request of the Respondent, TI Corp will promptly provide a written explanation for its decision. 
7. How Responses should be organized 
Responses should be organized as follows: 
a) Respondents should take care to prepare and submit their Response in conformity with 
the mandatory criteria table in section 6.1.1., i ncluding providing the Respondent 
Qualifications Template  (Appendix A)  and, if this  MULRFQ is intended to also qualify 
Resources, one Resource Qualification Template  (Appendix B) for each Resource being 
proposed. 
b) Additional attachments that should be included in a Response may be identified in the 
Respondent Qualification Template and the Resource Qualification template. 
c) Unless specifically requested by TI Corp, the Response should not include any additional 
attachments or appendices. In its evaluations TI Corp may only consider material that is 
included in the Response. TI Corp may not, for example, consider the content of a website 
or online document even if the URL or a hyperlink to it is provided in the Response. 
d) All pages should be consecutively numbered. 
8. How the Multi-use List of Qualified Suppliers will be used 
8.1 Use of List 
This section describes how TI Corp may use the Multi-use List to select Qualified Suppliers to 
deliver Services as Contractors. 
Only Qualified Suppliers will be sent Competition Notices and allowed to participate in 
procurements that may issue from this MULRFQ.  
These rules are subject to change, from time to time, as TI Corp may deem necessary, with 
notice to Qualified Suppliers posted as Addenda on BC Bid. 
By submitting a Response, the Respondent agrees to the process below, including the minimum 
time frame within which the Qualified Supplier, may have to respond to a Competition Notice 
as set out in section 8.1.2.  
8.1.1 Use on a Non-exclusive "as, if and when Requested" Basis 
TI Corp may, in its sole discretion, from time to time, use the Multi-use List in connection with 
the acquisition and provision of the Services described in the MULRFQ. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 25 of 28 
Qualified Suppliers may be contacted on a non -exclusive "as, if and when requested" basis to 
compete on opportunities for the provision of Services in accordance with the  selection 
methods set out in this section 8. The selection of a Qualified Supplier to serve as a Contractor 
will not be based on the scores assigned to a Response associated with becoming a Qualified 
Supplier under this MULRFQ, but will be based upon the requirements and evaluation criteria 
included in a Competition Notice issued with respect to a specific project or assignment for 
Services. 
8.1.2 Selection Methods  
TI Corp  may select a Qualified Supplier to act as a Contractor using the following selection 
methods: 
a) TI Corp will invite, by written Competition Notice, all Qualified Suppliers to compete to 
supply the Services described in a given Competition Notice, except as otherwise provided 
in section 8. 
b)  No Competition Notices will be issued before the Initial Intake. 
c) The Competition Notice will specify the requirements of a particular project or assignment 
and the criteria upon which a Qualified Supplier will be evaluated. These criteria may 
include, but not necessarily be limited to: 
i) a Qualified Supplier's pricing;  
ii) Resources proposed; and 
iii) other requirements as detailed in the Competition Notice. 
d) If this MULRFQ is intended to qualify Resources, Qualified Resources will be among the 
Resources required to perform the Services under any Contract that results from the 
MULRFQ. 
e) A Qualified Supplier will have not less than te n calendar days from the date on which a 
Competition Notice is issued by TI Corp (the actual response deadline to be specified in 
the Competition Notice) to submit a written response to the Competition Notice. 
f) TI Corp may directly negotiate a Contract with a supplier of TI Corp’s choice or a Qualified 
Supplier where one or more of the following conditions applies: 
i) only one Qualified Supplier has been qualified under the MULRFQ; 
ii) an extreme urgency brought about by event unforeseeable by TI Corp and the 
Services could not be obtained in time by means of a competitive process; 
iii) a competitive process would interfere with the TI Corp’ s ability to maintain 
security or order or to protect human, animal or plant life or health; 
iv) the acquisition is of a confidential or privileged nature and disclosure through an 
open bidding process could reasonably be expected to compromise government 
confidentiality, cause economic disruption or be contrary to the public interest; or 
v) other allowed grounds that may be provided for by applicable trade agreements 
and policy. 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 26 of 28 
8.1.3 No Obligation to Contract or Use the Multi-use List 
TI Corp has no obligation to: 
i) enter into a Contract with any one or more Qualified Supplier(s); or 
ii) use the Multi-use List in an exclusive manner,  and reserves the right, in its sole 
discretion to:  
a) employ open competitions that include suppliers external to the Multi-use List of Qualified 
Suppliers; and 
b) otherwise engage suppliers external to the Multi-use of Qualified Suppliers in connection 
with any project required by TI Corp. 
8.1.4 Form of Contract 
The Competition Notice will identify the form of the applicable Contract (or alternately select 
contract clauses that may be applicable) that may result from it. Any Contract will be between 
TI Corp and Qualified Supplier (as Contractor) and, as applicable, will name specific Qualified 
Resources as key personnel who the Contrac tor will cause to perform the Services on the 
Contractor’s behalf. 
Contracts are likely to include terms and conditions similar to those included in the Province’s 
standard “General Services Agreement”, “Information Technology & Management Consulting 
Professional Services Agreement”, or “Financial Review and Assurance Services Agreement”. 
Copies of these agreements can be found here. 
The form of Contract will also require Suppliers to comply with TI Corp’s policies, as they may 
be established and or updated from time to time.  
Tools, Travel Location and Facilities  
Projects will require Consultants to be available for contact vi a phone or email during the 
Corporation’s standard business hours (8am-5pm Pacific Time) and may require Consultants to 
attend meetings via MS Teams or work on site from time to time. Any pre -approved travel will 
be reimbursed at the Provincial standard travel rates for Group I found here  
Consultants should have access to standard office automation tools (i.e., e -mail, MS Word, MS 
Excel, MS Teams and MS PowerPoint). MS Project may be required for certain assignments.  
When required to work on -site Consultants may have access to a workspace that has a desk, 
phone, and computer with LAN/WAN and Internet connectivity, as well as standard office 
automation tools as necessary. 
8.1.5 Tax Verification Letter  
A Competition Notice will indicate whether a Tax Verification  Letter will be required as part of 
Contract finalization. 
8.1.6 Binding and Non-binding Competition Notices 
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 27 of 28 
A Competition Notice may be a binding process that is intended to create what is known in 
Canadian tendering law as “contract A” or it may be a negotiate d, non-binding process that is 
not intended to create any contract A. 
  
 
   
MUL RFQ 2025 42 R IT Advisory Services   Page 28 of 28 
 
 
 Sample Forms 
 
Document is available for download in the “RFx documents” section for the MUL RFQ 
- Information and Technology and Management Consulting Professional Services 
Agreement. 
 Resource Qualification Form 
 
Document is available for download in the “RFx documents” section for this MULRFQ. 
 
 Submission Declaration 
 
Document is available for download in the “RFx documents” section for this MULRFQ and 
attached to Appendix B: Resource Qualification Form. (also attached to Appendix B) 
 