--- PAGE 1 ---
  
 
 
  
  
05/14/2026 
Addendum No. 4 
Solicitation Number: RFP 061726 
Solicitation Name: Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated 
Delivery 
 
Consider the following Question(s) and Answer(s) to be part of the above-titled 
solicitation documents. The remainder of the documents remain unchanged. 
 
Question 1: 
Can a Lot 1 proposer include standardized enablement, adoption, training, governance, 
and deployment support services as complementary services packaged with an 
enterprise AI platform subscription, provided that the AI platform remains the 
proposer’s primary deliverable and primary source of value? 
Answer 1: 
Refer to Section II.B. Primary Deliverable Determination and Lot 1: AI Products and 
Platforms.  
 
In the competitive process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the content of the 
proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine how to best satisfy all 
requirements of the questionnaire tables. 
 
Question 2: 
The RFP states that the proposer will be responsible for the development, deployment, 
operation, and maintenance of the solution. Could you please clarify whether this scope 
also includes knowledge transfer and/or transition activities to the client? 

--- PAGE 2 ---
Answer 2: 
Refer to Addendum 3, Answer 4. 
 
Question 3: 
Does the organization have a preferred cloud platform or hosting environment, or is the 
proposer expected to recommend the most suitable cloud solution as part of the 
proposal? 
Answer 3: 
Sourcewell is requesting proposals to meet the various needs of its 50,000+ 
Participating Entities as a whole, across the United States and Canada. In this 
competitive solicitation process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the contents 
of its proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to articulate and propose the 
solutions that align with its business methods and satisfies the requirements of the RFP. 
A Participating Entities’ unique needs will be determined if and when the Participating 
Entities choose to utilize a contract resulting from this solicitation. 
 
Question 4: 
Could you please outline the evaluation process for the proposals, including the 
anticipated timeline for commencement of evaluations? 
Answer 4: 
Refer to RFP, Section VI. Evaluation and Award, Subsection A. 
 
Question 5: 
With reference to Section H, Page 11, could you please clarify the proposer’s expected 
role in marketing or promoting the Master Agreement award? 
Answer 5: 
Refer to RFP Section II. H. Marketing Plan, “Proposer’s sales force will be the primary 
source of communication with Participating Entities. The Proposer’s Marketing Plan 
should demonstrate Proposer’s ability to deploy a sales force or dealer network to 
Participating Entities, as well as Proposer’s sales and service capabilities. It is expected 
that Proposer will promote and market any master agreement award.” 
 
The Sourcewell Supplier Development team will also provide support and resources to 
expand and enhance awarded supplier marketing efforts. In the competitive process, 

--- PAGE 3 ---
Sourcewell does not advise on the content of proposer marketing plans. Each proposal 
will be evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
Question 6: 
Can Sourcewell provide examples of the types of AI use cases participating agencies are 
most interested in (healthcare, education, public safety, operations, bare-metal etc.)?” 
Answer 6: 
Refer to Section II. B. Requested Equipment, Products, or Services for examples within 
each Lot, and Section VI. A. Responsiveness Criteria for a definition and examples of 
qualifying highly regulated industries. 
 
Question 7: 
Can Sourcewell confirm the required compliance frameworks for this contract (HIPAA, 
SOC 2, ISO 27001, CJIS, etc.) for vendors providing AI compute or hosting services? 
Answer 7: 
Refer to Answer 3. 
 
Question 8: 
Are there any data residency requirements for agencies using AI compute or hosting 
services under this contract?” 
Answer 8: 
Sourcewell is requesting proposals to meet the various needs of its 50,000+ 
Participating Entities as a whole, across the United States and Canada. In this 
competitive solicitation process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the contents 
of its proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to articulate and propose the 
solutions that aligns with its business methods and satisfies the requirements of the 
RFP. A Participating Entities’ unique needs will be determined if and when the 
Participating Entities choose to utilize a contract resulting from this solicitation. 
 
Question 9: 
Does Sourcewell have any minimum performance expectations for AI compute (e.g., 
memory bandwidth, GPU memory size, or throughput) that vendors should meet or 
exceed?” We utilize the Nvidia H200s for maximum compute. 

--- PAGE 4 ---
Answer 9: 
Refer to Answer 8.  
 
Question 10: 
Regarding potential evaluation points, Table headings for 7A and 7B read as follows:  
• Table 7A: Depth and Breadth of Offered Solutions (200 Points, applies to Table 7A and 
7B)  
• Table 7B: Responsible AI & Governance (175 Points)  
 
Evaluation scoring criteria lists:  
• Responsible AI & Governance – 175 pts  
• Depth and Breadth of Offered Solutions – 200 pts  
 
Following the logic, are we correct in our analysis that this creates a possible 375 points 
for Tables 7A and 7B? Is Table 7B essentially evaluated under two categories? 
Answer 10: 
Refer to Amendment 2.  
 
Question 11: 
Historically, Sourcewell has specifically excluded products, solutions, and services 
available through currently active Master Agreements. With no exclusions identified in 
061726, Enterprise AI: Platform, Services, and Integrated Delivery we respectfully 
submit the following questions:  
 
a) Will Sourcewell issue an Amendment to RFP 061726 to exclude existing contracts 
such as 121923 Technology Products and Services and 110724 AI Readiness, 
Implementation, and Support Services?  
b) If there is no Amendment detailing existing contract exclusion, how will Sourcewell 
address the addition of suppliers offering similar solutions to previously solicited, 
evaluated, and competitively awarded contracts? 

--- PAGE 5 ---
Answer 11: 
Sourcewell does not currently plan to issue an amendment or addendum to RFP 061726 
regarding contract exclusions. While Sourcewell acknowledges there may be slight 
overlap with previously released RFPs, Sourcewell believes the AI engagement-focused 
response criteria and current lot structure included in this RFP provide sufficient 
guardrails to prevent the solicitation from overlapping too closely with existing 
contracts. 
 
Question 12: 
Will Sourcewell please delineate the primary differences between Enterprise AI 
Products, Services, and Solutions offered in the forthcoming 061726 contract against 
121923 Technology Products and Services and 110724 AI Readiness, Implementation, 
and Support Services? 
Answer 12: 
Refer to Addendum 2, Answer 2.  
 
Question 13: 
Response Template, Table 4, Question 47. Does Sourcewell prefer that the example of 
how governmental and educational customers have successfully utilized e-Procurement 
or e-Commerce ordering processes be included in the response narrative or included as 
detailed attachment? 
Answer 13: 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine the information or 
documentation necessary to best demonstrate their ability to serve Sourcewell 
Participating Entities and satisfy all the requirements included in the questionnaire 
tables. 
 
Question 14: 
What is the minimum and maximum service providers that Sourcewell will select for 
each lot? 
Answer 14: 
Refer to the Evaluation and Award section of the RFP VI. It is the intent of Sourcewell to 
award one or more suppliers offering the best overall quality, selection of equipment, 
products, and services, and prices that meet the commonly requested specifications of 

--- PAGE 6 ---
Sourcewell and its Participating Entities. The award(s) will be limited to the number of 
proposers that Sourcewell determines is necessary to meet the needs of its Participating 
Entities. 
 
Question 15: 
For Lot 2, may proposers submit multiple pricing models, such as time-and-
materials rates, fixed-fee service packages, managed services tiers, and optional 
transaction-based pricing? 
Answer 15: 
All proposed pricing must be submitted using one or more of the pricing structures, as 
appropriate to the proposer’s Primary Lot and commercial model, listed in RFP Section 
III. A. 1.   
 
Question 16: 
For professional services pricing, does Sourcewell prefer hourly rates, daily rates, 
or will either be acceptable if not-to-exceed rates are clearly provided by labor 
category? 
Answer 16: 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine and propose the pricing 
approach that aligns with their business methods and satisfies all the requirements of 
RFP Section III – Pricing and Delivery Schedules. Proposals are evaluated based on the 
criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
Also refer to Answer 15.  
 
Question 17: 
The RFP requires a Pricing Narrative explaining cost scaling, price-change triggers, 
and total cost of ownership. Is Sourcewell expecting this narrative as a separate 
uploaded document, a portal response, or part of the pricing attachment? 
Answer 17: 
A specific format is not required for submission, but Excel is preferred. Each supplier will 
propose pricing in the format that makes sense for their industry. Each proposer, in its 
discretion, will determine and articulate the pricing approach that aligns with its 
business methods and satisfies all the requirements of the III. Pricing section of the RFP. 
Proposals are evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
Question 18: 
For third-party costs such as cloud hosting, model/API consumption, software 
licensing, OCR tools, or other pass-through costs, should proposers include not-
to-exceed rates where available or identify them as excluded/pass-through costs 
to be priced at the Participating Entity task-order level? 
Answer 18: 
Refer to Answers 15 and 16 above. 
 
Question 19: 
Can Sourcewell clarify whether the administrative fee should be embedded into 
proposed pricing or treated separately in the proposer’s internal commercial 
model? 
Answer 19: 
Refer to RFP III. B. and Master Agreement Article II. G. Administrative Fees. The 
administrative fee is paid by the awarded supplier to Sourcewell and is not to be 
separately assessed to a participating entity. 
 
Question 20: 
Under “Depth and Breadth of Offered Solutions,” should Lot 2 proposers 
emphasize the breadth of professional services only, or should they also describe 
related tools, frameworks, accelerators, and partner technologies used to deliver 
those services? 
Answer 20: 
In the competitive process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the content of the 
proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine how to best satisfy all 
requirements of the questionnaire tables. 
 

--- PAGE 8 ---
Question 21: 
Under “Ability to Sell and Deliver Solutions,” what evidence is most useful: 
national delivery footprint, sales coverage, customer support model, delivery 
staffing, implementation methodology, or public-sector contract adoption strategy? 
Answer 21: 
Refer to Addendum 1, Answer 1 
 
Question 22: 
Under “Responsible AI &amp; Governance,” is Sourcewell looking primarily for 
proposer internal AI governance policies, client-facing governance services, 
implementation controls, or all of these? 
Answer 22: 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine the information or 
documentation necessary to best demonstrate their ability to serve Sourcewell 
Participating Entities and satisfy all the requirements included in the questionnaire 
tables. Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the contents of its proposal.  
 
Question 23: 
If a Lot 2 proposer uses third-party AI platforms, cloud services, LLMs, OCR 
tools,automation tools, or model APIs as part of delivering professional services, 
should those be described as enabling tools under Lot 2 rather than as separate 
Lot 1 products? 
Answer 23: 
Per RFP Section II. D. Single Primary Lot, “Sourcewell prefers suppliers that provide a 
sole source of responsibility for the equipment, products, and services provided under a 
resulting master agreement. If proposer includes the equipment, products, and services 
of its subsidiary entities, the proposer must also identify all subsidiaries included in its 
proposal. If proposer requires the use of distributors, dealers, resellers, or 
subcontractors to provide the equipment, products, or services, the proposal must  
address how the equipment, products or services will be provided to Participating 
Entities, and describe the network of distributors, dealers, resellers, and/or 
subcontractors that will be available to serve Participating Entities under a resulting 
master agreement.” 
 
Primary Lot selection is the proposer’s determination and reflects how they primarily 
create value for Participating Entities. 

--- PAGE 9 ---
Question 24: 
If a proposer provides both AI professional services and access to third-party 
technology components, but does not commercialize its own AI platform as the 
primary offering, is Lot 2 still the appropriate Lot? 
Answer 24: 
Refer to Answer 23. 
 
Question 25: 
The RFP states that proposers must demonstrate experience delivering AI 
solutions in a highly regulated industry at a scale appropriate to the selected 
Lot. For Lot 2, what type of evidence will Sourcewell consider sufficient to 
demonstrate this requirement? 
Answer 25: 
Refer to Addendum 1, Answer 1. 
 
Question 26: 
For Lot 2, how does Sourcewell define “scale appropriate to the selected Lot”? 
Is Sourcewell looking for number of engagements, size of client, dollar value, 
number of users supported, number of workflows implemented, geographic 
reach, or a combination? 
Answer 26: 
Responsiveness Criteria thresholds and requirements are listed in the RFP Specifications 
Questionnaire under the section titled Responsiveness Criteria. The Questionnaire can 
be found in the Sourcewell Procurement Portal. 
 
Question 27: 
Will Sourcewell allow proposers to include confidential client examples in 
summarized or anonymized form if the work is covered by confidentiality 
obligations? 
Answer 27: 
Refer to RFP Section VI. E. Disposition of Proposals, which states, “Proposers are 
explicitly cautioned not to submit any data that they consider to be confidential, 

--- PAGE 10 ---
proprietary, or trade secret, as such data will not be treated as confidential and will be 
subject to public disclosure in accordance with Minnesota law.” 
 
Question 28: 
Under Section II.D “Single Primary Lot,” the RFP states a preference for a single 
source of responsibility and allows the use of subcontractors, distributors, and 
related entities where appropriately described. However, the RFP does not 
explicitly address whether Joint Venture (JV), consortium, or team-based prime 
submissions (i.e., two or more entities jointly submitting as a single prime 
contractor) are permitted. Please clarify whether Joint Venture or consortium 
bids are allowed under this solicitation. 
Answer 28: 
A proposer may submit only one proposal. If related, affiliated, or subsidiary entities 
elect to submit separate proposals, rather than a single parent-entity proposal, each 
such proposal must be prepared independently and without cooperation, collaboration, 
or collusion. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine the information or 
documentation necessary to best demonstrate their ability to serve Sourcewell 
Participating Entities and satisfy all the requirements of the RFP. 
 
Question 29: 
After watching the video and hearing the references to 'highly regulated 
industries' I revisited the RFP and noted in a number of places that 'highly 
regulated industries' is mentioned.  On the first web page reference is made to 
'governmental, higher education, K-12 education, nonprofit, tribal government, 
and other public agencies located in the United States and Canada' - I am 
having trouble reconciling highly regulated industries with some of the types of 
organisations mentioned, which makes responding confusing (when I think of 
highly regulated I think of Banking, Air Transportation, Nuclear Energy, Medical 
and other regulated professions).  Is experience in 'highly regulated industries a 
requirement? 
Answer 29: 
Refer to RFP Section VI. A. Responsiveness Criteria, as well as the thresholds and 
requirements listed in the RFP Questionnaire under the section titled, Responsiveness 
Criteria. Both areas provide a definition of highly regulated industries and examples of 
qualifying highly regulated industries. 
 

--- PAGE 11 ---
Question 30: 
In the list of organisations - 'governmental, higher education, K-12 education, 
nonprofit, tribal government, and other public agencies located in the United 
States and Canada' - which of those do you consider regulated? 
Answer 30: 
Refer to RFP Section VI. A. Responsiveness Criteria, as well as the thresholds and 
requirements listed in the RFP Questionnaire under the section titled, Responsiveness 
Criteria. Both areas provide a definition of highly regulated industries and examples of 
qualifying highly regulated industries.  
 
Question 31: 
RFP Section II.B Primary Delivery Determination #3, pg. 5 
Relating to Primary Lot selection as stated in RFP II.B Primary Delivery 
Determination #3, if a Bidder wishes to be considered for Lots 1 and 2, the 
direction is that the bidder should select Lot 3, correct? 
Answer 31: 
Sourcewell will not pre-qualify any products or services. It is left to the discretion of 
each Proposer to determine if its products or services meet the scope of RFP II. B. 
Requested Equipment, Products, or Services. Only those products within the scope of 
the RFP will be included in any contract awarded by Sourcewell as a result of the 
solicitation.  
 
Question 32: 
RFP Section II.B Primary Delivery Determination #3, pg. 5 
If a bidder is bidding Primary Lot 3, should the Bidder provide responses to 
Demonstrated Experience requirements for Lots 1, 2, and 3; or just Lot 3? 
Answer 32: 
For the Responsiveness Criteria Demonstrated Experience tables (pages 2–5 of the RFP 
Questionnaire), proposers must identify the single, Primary Lot for which they are 
submitting a response and complete only the corresponding Demonstrated Experience 
table. 
 

--- PAGE 12 ---
Question 33: 
For purposes of the Lot 1 responsiveness criteria regarding “production 
deployments,” would Sourcewell consider multiple operational deployments of the 
same AI platform across distinct enterprise customer environments or facilities as 
separate deployments, provided each deployment: supports ongoing operational 
use, includes defined users/workflows and measurable outputs, and 
operates within separate production environments? 
Answer 33: 
In the competitive process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the content of the 
proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine how to best satisfy all 
requirements of the questionnaire tables. 
 
Question 34: 
As presented on the Pre Proposal Conference, Sourcewell described a process to 
evaluate and award Lots consecutively, starting with Lot 1 and moving on to Lot 
2 and finally Lot 3. Adding to the degree of complexity, Section I. Additional 
Consideration, Question 5 of the RFP reads that Sourcewell may need to 
organize responses into subcategories and awards may be based on those 
subcategories which may create an even more extended timeline per Lot.  
With an unknown, and likely large, number of responses submitted this strategy, 
while thorough, creates the potential for an extended timeline between 
submission and potential award.  Upon  solicitation close, and based on the 
number of responses received, is Sourcewell considering alternate evaluation and 
award practices (i.e., concurrent evaluation and award across Lots 1, 2, and 3) 
to minimize time from submission to award and maximize potential impact to 
Sourcewell Members? 
Answer 34: 
The duration of the evaluation process will depend on the number and complexity of 
responses received. Following the solicitation close, Sourcewell may reevaluate the 
evaluation and award approach, as needed, provided any adjustments remain 
consistent with the process and requirements outlined in the RFP. 
 
 
 

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
End of Addendum 
Acknowledgement of this Addendum to RFP 061726, posted to the Sourcewell 
Procurement Portal on 05/14/2026, is required at the time of proposal submittal. 
 
