--- PAGE 1 ---
  
 
 
  
  
05/27/2026 
Addendum No.9 
Solicitation Number: RFP 061726 
Solicitation Name: Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated 
Delivery 
 
Consider the following Question(s) and Answer(s) to be part of the above-titled 
solicitation documents. The remainder of the documents remain unchanged. 
 
Question 1: 
Could you please clarify whether the references provided are required to demonstrate 
experience with a similar scope of work? 
Answer 1: 
For the purposes of this RFP, Proposers may provide references who operate in “highly 
regulated industries” as defined in RFP Section IV.A. Responsiveness Criteria.  
 
Question 2: 
 
The RFP focuses on enterprise-level AI. If a proposer offers a purpose-built AI platform 
for a specific government function, but it is typically deployed to the department, office, 
branch, or unit with that need rather than entity-wide, is it still in scope? 
 
Answer 2: 
 
Sourcewell will not pre-qualify any products or services. It is left to the discretion of 
each Proposer to determine if its products or services meet the scope of RFP II. B. 
Requested Equipment, Products, or Services. Only those products within the scope of 

--- PAGE 2 ---
the RFP will be included in any contract awarded by Sourcewell as a result of the 
solicitation.  
 
Question 3: 
 
Section II.D SINGLE PRIMARY LOT seems to address software developing companies as 
respondents to this RFP having a sole source of responsibility for the equipment, 
products, and services provided under a resulting master agreement. It further requests 
to describe a network of resellers/distributors, etc. for their products. Our company is a 
software reseller. Please clarify if resellers can respond to this RFP under Lot 1. 
 
Answer 3: 
 
Refer to RFP Section II. D. Single Primary Lot, “…  If proposer includes the equipment, 
products, and services of its subsidiary entities, the proposer must also identify all 
subsidiaries included in its proposal. If proposer requires the use of distributors, dealers, 
resellers, or subcontractors to provide the equipment, products, or services, the 
proposal must address how the equipment, products or services will be provided to 
Participating Entities, and describe the network of distributors, dealers, resellers, and/or 
subcontractors that will be available to serve Participating Entities under a resulting 
master agreement.”  
 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine the information or 
documentation necessary to best demonstrate their ability to serve Sourcewell 
Participating Entities and satisfy all the requirements of the RFP and the questionnaire 
tables. Proposals are evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
 
End of Addendum 
Acknowledgement of this Addendum to RFP 061726 posted to the Sourcewell 
Procurement Portal on 05/27/2026, is required at the time of proposal submittal. 
 
