--- PAGE 1 ---
  
 
 
  
  
05/15/2026 
Addendum No. 5 
Solicitation Number: RFP 061726 
Solicitation Name: Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated 
Delivery 
 
Consider the following Question(s) and Answer(s) to be part of the above-titled 
solicitation documents. The remainder of the documents remain unchanged. 
 
Question 1: 
For Lot 1, if a platform supports multiple operational deployments through a shared 
enterprise platform architecture, should each operational customer environment be 
treated as a separate production deployment? 
Answer 1: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 33. 
 
Question 2: 
Will the selected vendor be permitted to perform any project activities from 
offshore/global delivery centers (e.g., India or the UK), or is all work required to be 
performed within the United States? 
Answer 2: 
Sourcewell can contract with a foreign supplier. It is left to the discretion of each 
proposer to demonstrate how they will effectively deliver the requested goods and 
services offered in their proposal to participating entities. Each proposal will be 
evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 
 

--- PAGE 2 ---
Question 3: 
Are there any specific supporting documents, certifications, policies, references, or 
proof points that Sourcewell expects proposers to provide for each evaluation criterion 
to strengthen scoring? 
Answer 3: 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine the information or 
documentation necessary to best demonstrate their ability to serve Sourcewell 
Participating Entities and satisfy all the requirements included in the questionnaire 
tables. 
 
Question 4: 
For Canada-serving suppliers, should Canadian-dollar pricing, Canadian privacy 
considerations, and provincial coverage be included in the proposal. 
Answer 4: 
Per RFP Section III. 4., "All proposed pricing must be stated in U.S. and Canadian dollars 
(as applicable)."  
 
In the competitive process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the content of the 
proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine how to best satisfy all 
requirements of the RFP and questionnaire tables. 
 
Question 5: 
One of our partners in Canada, they are tied with us in States, Can they come as a 
package with us from States? 
Answer 5: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 23 and 28. 
 
Question 6: 
I see there was a release of the Artificial Intelligence (AI) Readiness, Implementation, 
and Support Services in 2024. Is this RFP different then the one awarded a few years 
ago? 
Answer 6: 
Refer to Addendum 2, Answer 2.  
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
Question 7: 
For Canadian-based vendors serving Canadian participating entities, are there any 
regional preferences or geographic considerations applied within the evaluation or 
scoring process? 
Answer 7: 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine the information and 
documentation necessary to best demonstrate their ability to serve Sourcewell 
participating entities and satisfy all the requirements included in the questionnaire 
tables. Proposals are evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
Question 8: 
Are agencies national in the US, or Minnesota only? 
Answer 8: 
Sourcewell is a State of Minnesota local government unit and service cooperative 
created under the laws of the State of Minnesota (Minnesota Statutes Section 123A.21) 
that facilitates a competitive public solicitation and master agreement award process 
for the benefit of its 50,000+ participating entities across the United States and Canada.  
 
Question 9: 
Once awarded, do gov't agencies just connect with the supplier directly? Or do they 
send out RFPs to the suppliers on the list? 
Answer 9: 
Participating Entities typically access master agreements for equipment, products, or 
services through a purchase order issued directly to the awarded supplier. A 
Participating Entity may request additional terms or conditions related to a purchase. 
Use of Sourcewell master agreements is voluntary and Participating Entities retain the 
right to obtain similar equipment, products, or services from other sources. 
Question 10: 
Are offshore/nearshore resources acceptable? 
Answer 10: 
Refer to Answer 2. 
 

--- PAGE 4 ---
Question 11: 
Can you advise the $ value of the contracts that are awarded to successful suppliers 
with the end buyer entities  from the previous RFP Artificial Intelligence (AI) Readiness, 
Implementation, and Support Services RFP #110724. 
Answer 11: 
For Public Data Requests, please reach out to rfp@sourcewell-mn.gov 
 
Question 12: 
Is this a new contract? If not, can we access incumbent contract details, prior responses, 
and pricing? 
Answer 12: 
This is a new category with no existing incumbent information available. 
 
Question 13: 
If you are not awarded in this first iteration, do you have to resubmit the entire packet 
or just re-validate/edit and add extra details for the potential 6-month re-evaluations 
for the different lots? 
Answer 13: 
To maintain a continuously competitive process, respondents who were not previously 
awarded but wish to be considered during a subsequent rolling onboarding period must 
submit a complete RFP response for each open enrollment period. 
 
Per RFP Section II.C., "Existing awardees are not required to reapply through a 
supplemental evaluation window, and their master agreements remain in effect. 
Suppliers who previously responded to a Lot but were not awarded must resubmit 
during future supplemental onboarding to be considered." 
 
Question 14: 
Can we apply as as Sub or Prime with other vendors ? 
Answer 14: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 23 and 28. 
 

--- PAGE 5 ---
Question 15: 
Are there any MBE goals ? 
Answer 15: 
Sourcewell is requesting proposals to meet the various needs of its 50,000+ 
Participating Entities as a whole, across the United States and Canada. Though it is 
possible those specific entities have MBE goals, it is left to the discretion of each 
proposer to articulate and propose the solutions that align with its business methods 
and satisfies the requirements of the RFP. A Participating Entities’ unique needs will be 
determined if and when the Participating Entities choose to utilize a contract resulting 
from this solicitation.  
 
Question 16: 
Can services be delivered utilizing offshore resources? 
Answer 16: 
Refer to Answer 2. 
 
Question 17: 
For Lot 2, may a proposer submit multiple qualifying client engagements (each meeting 
the $200K / 12-month / qualifying-industry bar) to demonstrate depth and breadth - 
trying to determine if multiple reference strengthen response? 
Answer 17: 
In the competitive process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the content of the 
proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine how to best satisfy all 
requirements of the questionnaire tables. 
 
Question 18: 
Do we need to be registered to do business in any particular state in the USA? 
Answer 18: 
Sourcewell is requesting proposals to meet the various needs of its 50,000+ 
Participating Entities as a whole, across the United States and Canada. A Participating 
Entities’ unique needs will be determined if and when the Participating Entities choose 
to utilize a contract resulting from this solicitation. It is left to the discretion of each 
proposer to articulate and propose the solutions that align with its business methods 
and satisfies the requirements of the RFP.  
 

--- PAGE 6 ---
Question 19: 
Can we bid on more than one lot? If so, will additional lots be treated as secondary? 
Answer 19: 
Per RFP Section II. B., " Proposers must select ONE (1) Primary Lot under which to 
submit a response . . . Proposers will not be penalized for complementary offerings or 
capabilities that may also align with other Lots; the Lot structure serves only as an 
organizational and evaluation mechanism and does not limit the scope of a proposer’s 
broader capabilities."  
 
Question 20: 
Can you confirm whether fixed-price, time-and-materials, or hybrid pricing structures 
are acceptable for the services outlined in Lot 1 and Lot 2 respectively, and whether the 
$150M figure represents a not-to-exceed /target contract value? 
Answer 20: 
It is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine and propose the pricing 
approach that aligns with their business methods and satisfies all the requirements of 
RFP Section III – Pricing and Delivery Schedules. Proposals are evaluated based on the 
criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
The USD $150 million estimates for both Lot 1 and Lot 2 represent the anticipated 
annual value of all transactions generated through the master agreements awarded 
under each respective Lot. 
 
Question 21: 
Please confirm the required timeframe for past performance references. Should 
respondents provide projects completed within a specific look-back period, such as the 
past three, five, or seven years? 
Answer 21: 
Per the RFP Questionnaire section titled, “Responsiveness Criteria,” the demonstrated 
experience timeframe requirements are as follows: Lot 1, 24-months preceding the 
proposal submission deadline; Lot 2, 12-months preceding the proposal submission 
deadline; and Lot 3, 12-months preceding the proposal submission deadline.  
 
Question 22: 
Can the references be more than 1 year old? 

--- PAGE 7 ---
Answer 22: 
Refer to Answer 21. 
 
Question 23: 
How many awardees are there per lot ? 
Answer 23: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 14. 
 
Question 24: 
Should Sourcewell’s administrative fee be built into the published rate card for 
professional services, or shown separately in the pricing narrative? 
Answer 24: 
Proposers are asked to list their administrative fee within line 73 of the RFP 
Questionnaire. Beyond that, it is left to the discretion of each proposer to determine 
and propose the pricing approach that aligns with their business methods and satisfies 
all the requirements of RFP Section III – Pricing and Delivery Schedules. Proposals are 
evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
Also refer to Addendum 4, Answer 19 
 
Question 25: 
When a new RFP is rolled out by an agency - How will the lot categorization happen?  If 
it is services - will it be open for Lot 2 and Lot 3 
Answer 25: 
Refer to RFP Section II.C. Rolling Supplier Onboarding.  
 
Question 26: 
Can Sourcewell clarify whether deployments through consortiums, partner 
organizations, educational institutions, or federally funded programs qualify as external 
client organizations? 
Answer 26: 
External client organizations refer to any client outside of the supplier itself.  
 

--- PAGE 8 ---
Question 27: 
How would two partners partnering on a given lot respond to the bid? 
Answer 27: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 28. 
 
Question 28: 
Are you looking for a ready made solution or a custom one. We are a type of company 
who will build it from the scratch. 
Answer 28: 
Refer to RFP Section II. Solicitation Details. 
 
Question 29: 
Can we bid on the proposal with another AI company? As partners? 
Answer 29: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 28. 
 
Question 30: 
For Lot 2, can a proposer use third-party AI tools, cloud services, automation platforms, 
or model providers as part of implementation services without being considered a Lot 1 
platform proposer? 
Answer 30: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 23. 
 
Question 31: 
You mentioned Canoe Procurement Group participate on Sourcewell RFPs? What does 
that mean for proposers? Are they competitors? 
Answer 31: 
Sourcewell collaborates with Canoe to incorporate Canada-specific language into the 
Sourcewell RFP, and Canoe advertises Sourcewell's solicitation documents across 
multiple provinces. Sourcewell agreements are  made available for use by members of 
the Canoe procurement group of Canada. Refer to RFP Section I. B. Use of Resulting 
Agreements. 

--- PAGE 9 ---
 
Question 32: 
Will you even evaluate the proposals if it does not meet the initial experience criteria? 
Answer 32: 
Refer to RFP Section VI. Evaluation and Award.  
 
At this time, Sourcewell does not intend to evaluate proposals that fail to meet the 
minimum Responsiveness Criteria requirements and thresholds. 
 
Question 33: 
How many projects were used against the previous rfp? 
Answer 33: 
This is a new category with no existing incumbent or project information available. 
 
Question 34: 
Sorry it is unclear if Canadian entities have to bid with Canoe Procurement RFP if they 
float a similar RFP on their portal OR bid directly with Sourcwell. Please elaborate. 
Answer 34: 
Refer to Answer 31. 
 
Question 35: 
For Lot 1, would a purpose-built AI platform focused on intelligent document 
processing, transcript normalization, academic data extraction, and workflow 
automation for higher education institutions qualify? 
Answer 35: 
Sourcewell will not pre-qualify any products or services. It is left to the discretion of 
each Proposer to determine if its products or services meet the scope of RFP II. B. 
Requested Equipment, Products, or Services. Only those products within the scope of 
the RFP will be included in any contract awarded by Sourcewell as a result of the 
solicitation. 
 

--- PAGE 10 ---
Question 36: 
IS THERE A PULISHED LIST OF GENIES AND PARTNERS SOURCEWELL CURRENTLY SELLS / 
PROVICVES SERVICES TOO? 
Answer 36: 
Refer to RFP Section I. A and B.  
 
Question 37: 
Can you also touch payment side? Who pays to whom? Customer to Proponent? 
Answer 37: 
Refer to RFP III. B. and Master Agreement Article II. G. Administrative Fees. The 
administrative fee is paid by the awarded supplier to Sourcewell and is not to be 
separately assessed to a participating entity. 
 
Question 38: 
The RFP references enterprise-scale AI platforms. Can Sourcewell provide additional 
guidance regarding how “enterprise-scale” will be evaluated for education-focused AI 
platforms serving higher education systems and state-level institutions. 
Answer 38: 
Sourcewell will not provide further definitions for "enterprise-scale" at this time, though 
suppliers can find an in-depth description of scope requirements and expectations for 
Lot 1 in RFP Section II. B. Lot 1: AI Products and Platforms. 
 
Proposals are evaluated based on the criteria stated in the RFP. 
 
Question 39: 
For Lot 1 respondents, is custom implementation, onboarding, integration, and 
configuration support permissible as complementary services when bundled with the AI 
platform offering? 
Answer 39: 
Per RFP Section II. B., " Proposers must select ONE (1) Primary Lot under which to 
submit a response . . . Proposers will not be penalized for complementary offerings or 
capabilities that may also align with other Lots; the Lot structure serves only as an 
organizational and evaluation mechanism and does not limit the scope of a proposer’s 
broader capabilities."  
 

--- PAGE 11 ---
Question 40: 
Hello, Can you confirm to whom the bid is for? It shows up as being from 
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada but the RFP documents all refer to Minnesota. We 
ask for clarification on this. Thank you. 
Answer 40: 
Sourcewell is requesting proposals to meet the various needs of its 50,000+ 
Participating Entities as a whole, across the United States and Canada, NOT individual 
entities’ needs. The use of Sourcewell contracts is voluntary for Participating Entities. In 
this competitive solicitation process, Sourcewell will not advise a proposer on the way it 
should submit a proposal. It is left to the discretion of each proposer to articulate and 
propose the approach that aligns with its business methods and satisfies the 
requirements of the RFP. Participating Entities’ unique needs, and Solutions from 
awarded supplier(s), will be determined if and when Participating Entities choose to 
utilize a contract resulting from this solicitation. 
 
Question 41: 
RFP Section III notes proposers are expected  to upload a corresponding detailed 
price sheet. Section 3, Part B notes The pricing narrative is not a substitute for 
the structured price sheet required above... Does Sourcewell intend to provide a 
structure price sheet/s or shall proposers create their own in alignment with the 
proposed pricing structure? 
Answer 41: 
Refer to Addendum 4, Answer 17. 
 
Question 42: 
Can Sourcewell clarify whether there are any minimum hardware or 
infrastructure requirements associated with Lot 1 AI platform solutions, including 
whether bidders are expected to provide or supply any required hardware? 
Additionally, for SaaS-based offerings, please confirm where the solutions are 
expected to be hosted 
Answer 42: 
Addendum 4, Answer 8. 
 
Question 43: 
Can Sourcewell provide any guidance on typical or expected usage levels for Lot 
1 AI platform solutions - such as approximate user counts, scale of deployments, 

--- PAGE 12 ---
or representative consumption assumptions across Participating Entities - to help 
bidders develop realistic and competitive pricing models? 
Answer 43: 
Per RFP Section II. G. “Based on past volume of similar contracts, the estimated annual 
value of all transactions from master agreements resulting from this RFP is anticipated 
to be USD $150 Million for Lot 1, $150 Million for Lot 2, and $300 Million for Lot 3. 
Therefore, proposers are expected to propose volume pricing. Sourcewell anticipates 
considerable activity under the master agreement(s) awarded from this RFP; however, 
sales and sales volume from any resulting master agreement are not guaranteed.” 
 
Question 44: 
Given the breadth of this RFP and the volume of response requirements, would 
Sourcewell consider extending the submission deadline by two weeks from June 
17 to July 1 to allow vendors sufficient time to provide comprehensive, 
accurate, and competitive responses in accordance with the RFP’s objectives? 
Answer 44: 
No extension of the due date is being considered by Sourcewell at this time. 
 
 
End of Addendum 
Acknowledgement of this Addendum to RFP 061726, posted to the Sourcewell 
Procurement Portal on 05/15/2026, is required at the time of proposal submittal. 
 
