--- PAGE 1 ---
Rev. 3/2026         Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
Page 1 
RFP #061726 
REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS  
for 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
Proposal Due Date: June 17, 2026, 3:30 p.m., Central Time 
Sourcewell, a State of Minnesota local government unit  and service cooperative,  is requesting 
proposals for Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: P latforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery to 
result in a procurement  solution for use by its Participating Entities . Sourcewell Participating 
Entities include thousands of governmental, higher education, K-12 education, no nprofit, tribal 
government, and other public agencies located in the United States and Canada. Sourcewell 
encourages the use of S mall, Minority- owned, Women’s Business Enterprise, Veteran- owned 
Business Enterprise (S/M/WBE/VBE) suppliers both as prime and subcontractors and encourages 
the participation of these suppliers in the solicitation process.  A full copy of the Request for 
Proposals can be found on the Sourcewell Procurement Portal [ https://proportal.sourcewell-
mn.gov]. Only proposals submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal will 
be considered. Proposals are due no later than June 17, 2026, at 3:30 p.m. Central Time,  and 
late proposals will not be considered. 
SOLICITATION SCHEDULE 
Public Notice of RFP Published: 
Pre-proposal Conference: 
Question Submission Deadline: 
Proposal Due Date: 
Opening: 
April 29, 2026 
May 12, 2026, 10:00 a.m., Central Time 
June 09, 2026, 4:30 p.m., Central Time 
June 17, 2026, 3:30 p.m., Central Time 
Late responses will not be considered. 
June 17, 2026, 3:30 p.m., Central Time 
See RFP Section V.G. “Opening”

--- PAGE 2 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 2 
I. ABOUT SOURCEWELL 
 
A. SOURCEWELL 
  
Sourcewell is a State of Minnesota local government unit and service cooperative created 
under the laws of the State of Minnesota (Minnesota Statutes Section 123A.21) that facilitates 
a competitive public solicitation and master agreement award process for the benefit of its 
50,000+ participating entities across the United States and Canada. Sourcewell’s solicitation 
process complies with State of Minnesota law and policies, conforms to Canadian trade 
agreements (including Canadian Free Trade Agreement, Ontario-Quebec Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement, and Canada-European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade 
Agreement, as applicable), and results in cooperative purchasing solutions from which 
Sourcewell’s Participating Entities procure equipment, products, and services.   
 
Cooperative purchasing provides participating entities and suppliers increased administrative 
efficiencies and the power of combined purchasing volume that result in overall cost savings. At 
times, Sourcewell also partners with other purchasing cooperatives to combine the purchasing 
volume of their membership into a single solicitation and master agreement expanding the 
reach of awarded suppliers’ potential pool of end users.  
 
Sourcewell uses a website-based platform, the Sourcewell Procurement Portal, through which 
all proposals to this RFP must be submitted.  
   
B. USE OF RESULTING MASTER AGREEMENTS 
 
In the United States, Sourcewell’s master agreements are available for use by:  
• Federal and state government entities1; 
• Cities, towns, and counties/parishes; 
• Education service cooperatives; 
• K-12 and higher education entities; 
• Tribal government entities; 
• Some nonprofit entities; and  
• Other public entities.  
 
The following entities are listed in this solicitation to satisfy the procurement requirements 
of Oregon, Utah, and Virginia [Political Subdivision List - Oregon, Utah, and Virginia]. 
 
In Canada, Sourcewell’s master agreements are available for use by current and future members 
including: 
 
 
1 Pursuant to HAR §3 -128-2, the State of Hawaii, Department of Accounting and General Services, State Procurement Office, on behalf of the 
State of Hawaii and participating jurisdictions, has provided notice of its Intent to Participate in the solicitation a s a participating entity. 
 

--- PAGE 3 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 3 
• Federal, provincial, and territorial government departments, ministries, agencies, 
boards, councils, committees, commissions, and similar agencies; 
• Indigenous self-governing bodies; 
• Regional, local, district, and other forms of municipal government, municipal 
organizations, school boards, and publicly funded academic, health, and social service 
entities referred to as MASH sector (this should be construed to include but not be 
limited to the cities of Calgary, Edmonton, Toronto, Ottawa, and Winnipeg), as well as 
any corporation or entity owned or controlled by one or more of the preceding entities; 
• Crown corporations, government enterprises, and other entities that are owned or 
controlled by these entities through ownership interest; and 
• Canoe procurement group of Canada’s current and future members.  Canoe members 
include: 
o Federal, provincial and territorial government departments, ministries, agencies, 
boards, councils, committees, commissions, and similar agencies; 
o Crown corporations, government enterprises, and other entities that are owned 
or controlled by these entities through ownership interest; 
o Indigenous self-governing bodies; 
o Airport authorities;  
o Regional, local, district, and other forms of municipal government, municipal 
organizations, school boards, and publicly funded academic, health, and social 
service entities referred to as MASH sector (this should be construed to include 
but not be limited to the cities of Calgary, Edmonton, Toronto, Ottawa, and 
Winnipeg), as well as any corporation or entity owned or controlled by one or 
more of the preceding entities; and  
o Canoe procurement group of Canada’s current and future partner associations, 
including Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities, Association of 
Manitoba Municipalities, Local Authorities Services/Association of Municipalities 
Ontario, Nova Scotia Federation of Municipalities, Federation of Prince Edward 
Island Municipalities, Municipalities Newfoundland Labrador, Union of New 
Brunswick Municipalities, Northwest Territories Association of Communities, 
Association of Yukon Communities, CivicInfo BC, Association and their current 
and future members.  
For a listing of current United States and Canadian Participating Entities visit Sourcewell’s 
website (note: there is a tab for each country): https://www.sourcewell-mn.gov/sourcewell-for-
vendors/agency-locator. 
Participating Entities typically access master agreements for equipment, products, or services 
through a purchase order issued directly to the awarded supplier. A Participating Entity may 
request additional terms or conditions related to a purchase. Use of Sourcewell master 
agreements is voluntary and Participating Entities retain the right to obtain similar equipment, 
products, or services from other sources. 
 

--- PAGE 4 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 4 
To meet Participating Entities’ needs, Sourcewell broadly publishes public notice of all 
solicitation opportunities, including this RFP. In addition, where applicable, other purchasing 
cooperatives and procurement officials receive notice and are encouraged to re-post the 
solicitation opportunity.  
 
Proof of publication will be available at the conclusion of the solicitation process. 
 
Sourcewell encourages the use of Small, Minority-owned, Women’s Business Enterprise, 
Veteran-owned Business Enterprise (S/M/WBE/VBE) suppliers both as prime and 
subcontractors and encourages the participation of these suppliers in the solicitation process. 
 
C. INTERGOVERNMENTAL SUPPORT AGREEMENTS 
 
Pursuant to 10 U.S.C. § 2679, United States Department of Defense authorized installations 
may access Sourcewell's awarded cooperative purchasing master agreements through an 
Intergovernmental Support Agreement with Sourcewell. All transactions completed through 
this Intergovernmental Support program are directly facilitated by Sourcewell and may be 
subject to additional terms and conditions.  
 
II. SOLICITATION DETAILS 
 
A. SOLUTIONS-BASED SOLICITATION  
 
This RFP and master agreement award process is a solutions-based solicitation; meaning that 
Sourcewell is seeking equipment, products, or services that meet the general requirements of 
the scope of this RFP and are commonly desired or are required by law or industry standards.  
Participating Entities are responsible for conducting due diligence and ensuring compliance 
with state, federal, local laws, and specific funding requirements in consultation with legal 
counsel. 
 
B. REQUESTED EQUIPMENT, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES 
 
Proposers are expected to offer a wide array of equipment, products, or services at lower prices 
and with better value than what they would ordinarily offer to a single government entity, 
school district, or regional cooperative. 
 
Sourcewell is seeking proposals for Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and 
Integrated Delivery as described below. 
 
Sourcewell recognizes that enterprise artificial intelligence solutions often rely on related 
capabilities such as data infrastructure, cybersecurity, and compliance. Proposers may include 
directly related products and services to the extent that they are complementary to the Primary 
Lot being proposed, even where those offerings are not exclusively AI specific, provided they 
align with the scope of the Solicitation.  

--- PAGE 5 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 5 
 
This RFP is organized into three (3) response Lots. Proposers must select ONE (1) Primary Lot 
under which to submit a response.  
 
• For purposes of this RFP, “Primary Lot” means the single Lot that best represents the 
proposer’s principal line of business and the primary value the proposer provides to 
Participating Entities under this solicitation.  
 
The Proposer’s Lot selection will determine the response pool in which the proposal is 
evaluated. Proposers will not be penalized for complementary offerings or capabilities that 
may also align with other Lots; the Lot structure serves only as an organizational and 
evaluation mechanism and does not limit the scope of a proposer’s broader capabilities.  
 
Proposals submitted in response to this Solicitation will be evaluated on a Lot-by-Lot basis. The 
issuance of awards may occur at different times for each Lot, and Sourcewell reserves the right 
to evaluate, negotiate, and award contracts for any Lot independently of the others. 
 
Notwithstanding the timing of any individual contract award, all master agreements awarded 
under this Solicitation shall share a common expiration date and shall be coterminous. 
 
Lot Selection Guidance  
 
The following guidance is provided to assist proposers in selecting the most appropriate, single, 
Primary Lot for their response. This section is intended for clarification purposes only and does 
not modify or replace the requirements of this Solicitation. 
 
Primary Deliverable Determination 
Based on the definition above, proposers should consider the nature of their offering: 
1. If the proposer’s Primary deliverable is a technology product, such as an AI platform, 
infrastructure system, or software solution that Participating Entities procure and 
operate, the proposer should respond under Lot 1: AI Products and Platforms. 
2. If the proposer’s Primary deliverable is human expertise, including advisory, consulting, 
implementation, or managed services, the proposer should respond under Lot 2: AI 
Professional Services. 
3. If (a) the proposer delivers both AI technology and AI professional services as a unified 
commercial offering, and (b) can serve as the single accountable party for both under 
one contract, and (c) maintains primary responsibility for the design, integration, 
performance, and delivery of the integrated AI solution, and remains fully accountable 
for outcomes, even when third-party components are used, the proposer should 
respond under Lot 3: Integrated AI Delivery. 
 
Lot 1: AI Products and Platforms 
 
Included Solutions may consist of, but are not limited to: 

--- PAGE 6 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 6 
a. AI Platforms and Infrastructure 
i. Enterprise AI platforms with built-in automation, orchestration, and governance 
capabilities;  
ii. Platforms supporting AI model development, deployment, and lifecycle 
management for enterprise and public sector use cases;  
iii. On-premise, hybrid, and cloud AI infrastructure design, deployment, and 
management;  
iv. AI-optimized compute infrastructure; 
v. Enterprise knowledge management systems and data infrastructure that enable AI 
capabilities; and  
vi. AI solutions designed for sensitive or restricted government environments, 
including air-gapped and privacy-preserving deployments. 
 
b. Intelligent Automation Platforms and Agentic AI 
i. Agentic AI platforms that build, deploy, and manage AI-driven automation that 
operate across enterprise systems independent of any single software application 
— including agent development frameworks, orchestration infrastructure, and 
lifecycle management tools;  
ii. Workflow automation platforms that connect AI capabilities to systems, data 
sources, and processes across organizational boundaries;  
iii. Enterprise automation platforms enhanced with AI reasoning and natural language 
capabilities that operate across multiple systems; and  
iv. Platforms for document intelligence, multimodal processing, and unstructured data 
extraction at enterprise scale. 
 
For purposes of this solicitation, an AI platform is a technology system that provides 
foundational infrastructure, tooling, or services enabling the development, deployment, 
operation, or management of artificial intelligence capabilities at enterprise scale. An AI 
platform is defined by the functions it performs, not by specific technologies or terminology, and 
is characterized by one or more of the following: 
• Model Infrastructure 
The platform hosts, serves, or provides access to artificial intelligence models and 
provides mechanisms for model versioning, performance management, and lifecycle 
management. 
• Development and Deployment Tooling 
The platform provides tools for building, configuring, evaluating, deploying, and 
maintaining AI-enabled systems or applications, including data pipeline management 
and integration capabilities. 
• Orchestration and Automation 
The platform coordinates AI capabilities, intelligent automation, or automated 
workflows across enterprise systems, data sources, and operational processes. 
• Purpose-Built AI Platforms 
The platform delivers AI-enabled functionality designed for a specific industry, 

--- PAGE 7 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 7 
government function, or operational domain, operating as a distinct, separately-
procured technology independent of any single enterprise software application. 
 
Lot 1 includes both horizontal AI platforms applicable across multiple industries and purpose-
built AI platforms designed for specific government functions, industries, or operational 
domains, provided the platform is enterprise-scale. 
 
Artificial intelligence should constitute a primary, standalone component of the proposer’s 
offering or proposed solution. A standalone AI platform is an independent, purpose-built system 
that delivers artificial intelligence capabilities as a primary function, rather than a feature 
embedded within existing software applications. It operates as a modular solution that can 
integrate with multiple systems and data sources across an organization.  
 
Lot 2: AI Professional Services 
 
Included Solutions may consist of, but are not limited to: 
a. AI Strategy, Governance, and Enterprise Transformation 
i. Enterprise AI maturity assessment — structured evaluation of an organization’s AI 
readiness across technology, data, talent, governance, and culture dimensions; 
ii. Responsible AI policy development — documented frameworks, policies, and 
standards governing AI use, accountability, and risk management; 
iii. AI governance architecture — design and implementation of oversight structures, 
audit mechanisms, bias controls, and human-in-the-loop requirements; 
iv. Operating model redesign — restructuring of organizational workflows, roles, and 
accountabilities around AI-enabled capabilities; 
v. AI investment prioritization and business case development — structured 
approaches to identifying, evaluating, and sequencing AI opportunities; 
vi. Workforce transformation strategy — design of AI literacy programs, role transition 
planning, and organizational change management at scale; and 
vii. Cross-sector AI policy advisory — guidance on compliance with applicable federal, 
state, and local AI governance requirements and emerging regulatory frameworks. 
 
b. AI-Enabled Managed Services 
i. AI operations management, including deployment oversight, incident response, and 
service level management; 
ii. Model monitoring — ongoing tracking of AI system performance, accuracy, and 
output quality in production environments; 
iii. Model drift management — detection and remediation of accuracy degradation as 
real-world data diverges from training data over time; 
iv. Continuous improvement programs — structured processes for model retraining, 
capability expansion, and performance optimization; 
v. Managed AI services for specific government functions, including citizen services 
automation, benefits processing, case management, and permitting; and 

--- PAGE 8 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 8 
vi. AI security operations — monitoring for adversarial inputs, data poisoning, and 
unauthorized model access. 
 
c. AI Software Development and Engineering  
Custom development of AI-enabled applications, integrations, and automated 
workflows designed for specific government functions, operational domains, or 
agency use cases, including model fine-tuning and adaptation. 
 
For purposes of this Solicitation, custom development, software engineering, and client-specific 
solution design are considered professional services, even when resulting in a deployed AI-
enabled application or system. 
 
Lot 3: Integrated AI Delivery 
 
Included Solutions may include, but are not limited to: 
 
a. Systems integrators delivering end-to-end AI solutions, including platform 
implementation, integration, and ongoing managed services; 
b. Technology companies with established professional service arms that deploy and 
support their own AI platforms; 
c. Managed service providers delivering AI platforms and ongoing operations as a unified 
service offering; and 
d. Providers delivering turnkey AI solutions for specific government functions, including 
both the underlying technology and ongoing service delivery. 
 
A proposer would respond in Lot 3 only if they are a single organization capable of:  
 
i. Delivering both AI technology products and AI professional services under one 
contract;  
ii. Serving as the primary accountable party for both; and  
iii. Maintaining primary responsibility for the design, integration, performance, and 
delivery of the integrated AI solution, remaining fully accountable for outcomes, 
even when third-party components are used. 
 
The ability to deliver both technology and services does not, by itself, qualify a proposer for Lot 
3; the integration of these components must be a standard, unified offering for which the 
proposer assumes end-to-end accountability. 
 
Unlike Lot 1 proposers, who primarily deliver technology, or Lot 2 proposers who primarily 
deliver services, Lot 3 proposers deliver both as a unified, integrated offering in which the 
technology and services components are core to the proposer’s business model and are 
commercially established. 
 
Lot 3 proposers should demonstrate that: 

--- PAGE 9 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 9 
 
i. Both the AI technology and professional services components are core offerings of 
the organization (not incidental or ad hoc); 
ii. The proposer can deliver these as integrated components; and 
iii. The proposer assumes primary responsibility for the performance, implementation, 
and outcomes of the combined solution. 
 
Offerings that rely primarily on reselling or distributing third-party AI products without 
providing integrated implementation and accountability for outcomes do not meet the intent of 
this Lot. 
 
C. ROLLING SUPPLIER ONBOARDING 
 
Consistent with Sourcewell’s commitment to providing Participating Entities with access to the 
best available AI solutions throughout the master agreement term, Sourcewell may conduct 
supplemental supplier onboarding evaluations during the ten-year term of the resulting master 
agreements. 
• Future supplemental supplier onboarding evaluations will be subject to the same 
evaluation factors and terms as this RFP, including the ten-year maximum Master 
Agreement term and coterminous termination date applicable to all master 
agreements awarded under this RFP. 
• Future supplemental supplier onboarding evaluations will be evaluated only against 
other suppliers responding in the same Lot, not against prior submissions or previously 
awarded suppliers. 
• Existing awardees are not required to reapply through a supplemental evaluation 
window, and their master agreements remain in effect. Suppliers who previously 
responded to a Lot but were not awarded must resubmit during future supplemental 
onboarding to be considered. 
• Sourcewell may re-open any Lot every six months to consider additional responses. 
Sourcewell reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to suspend, delay, or discontinue 
further rolling supplier onboarding for any Lot as Sourcewell deems appropriate, 
including based on the best interests of Participating Entities, administrative capacity, or 
other operational considerations. Sourcewell reserves the right to open any, all, or no 
Lots at the time of any rolling supplier onboarding.  
 
D. SINGLE PRIMARY LOT 
 
Proposers must select ONE Primary Lot (1, 2, or 3) in which to submit their proposal. For 
purposes of this RFP, “Primary" means the single Lot that best represents the proposer‘s 
principal line of business and the primary value the proposer provides to Participating Entities 
under this solicitation. Lot selection is the proposer’s determination and reflects how they 
primarily create value for Participating Entities. If a proposer submits a response that does not 
clearly fit the selected Primary Lot, Sourcewell reserves the right to seek clarification from a 

--- PAGE 10 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 10 
proposer and reassign the submission to the most appropriate Lot, or deem it non-responsive, 
based on such clarification. 
 
Sourcewell prefers suppliers that provide a sole source of responsibility for the equipment, 
products, and services provided under a resulting master agreement. If proposer includes the 
equipment, products, and services of its subsidiary entities, the proposer must also identify all 
subsidiaries included in its proposal. If proposer requires the use of distributors, dealers, 
resellers, or subcontractors to provide the equipment, products, or services, the proposal must 
address how the equipment, products or services will be provided to Participating Entities, and 
describe the network of distributors, dealers, resellers, and/or subcontractors that will be 
available to serve Participating Entities under a resulting master agreement.  
 
Sourcewell encourages suppliers to offer the broadest possible selection of equipment, 
products, and services being proposed over the largest possible geographic area and to the 
largest possible cross-section of Sourcewell current and future Participating Entities. 
 
E. REQUIREMENTS 
 
It is expected that proposers have knowledge of all applicable industry standards, laws, and 
regulations and possess an ability to market and distribute the equipment, products, or services 
to Participating Entities.  
 
1. Safety Requirements. All items proposed must comply with current applicable safety or 
regulatory standards or codes. 
2. Deviation from Industry Standard. Deviations from industry standards must be 
identified with an explanation of how the equipment, products, and services will provide 
equivalent function, coverage, performance, and/or related services.   
3. New Equipment and Products. Proposed equipment and products must be for new, 
current model; however, proposer may offer certain close-out equipment or products if 
it is specifically noted in the Pricing proposal.  
4. Delivered and operational. Unless clearly noted in the proposal, equipment and 
products must be delivered to the Participating Entity as operational. 
5. Warranty. All equipment, products, supplies, and services must be covered by a 
warranty that is the industry standard or better.   
 
F. PROSPECTIVE MASTER AGREEMENT TERM 
 
The term of the Master Agreement will be ten (10) years with no extensions. Sourcewell 
reserves the right to consider additional extensions beyond the ten-year term as required 
under exceptional circumstances and mutual agreement. Notwithstanding the timing of any 
individual master agreement award, all master agreements awarded under this Solicitation 
shall share a common expiration date and shall be coterminous.  
 

--- PAGE 11 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 11 
G. ESTIMATED MASTER AGREEMENT VALUE AND USAGE 
 
Based on past volume of similar contracts, the estimated annual value of all transactions from 
master agreements resulting from this RFP is anticipated to be USD $150 Million for Lot 1, $150 
Million for Lot 2, and $300 Million for Lot 3. Therefore, proposers are expected to propose 
volume pricing. Sourcewell anticipates considerable activity under the master agreement(s) 
awarded from this RFP; however, sales and sales volume from any resulting master agreement 
are not guaranteed. 
 
H. MARKETING PLAN 
 
Proposer’s sales force will be the primary source of communication with Participating Entities. 
The proposer’s Marketing Plan should demonstrate proposer’s ability to deploy a sales force or 
dealer network to Participating Entities, as well as proposer’s sales and service capabilities. It is 
expected that proposer will promote and market any master agreement award. 
 
I. ADDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS 
 
1. Master agreements will be awarded to proposers able to best meet the needs of 
Participating Entities. Proposers should submit their complete line of equipment, 
products, or services that are applicable to the scope of this RFP.  
2. A proposer may submit only one proposal. If related, affiliated, or subsidiary entities 
elect to submit separate proposals, rather than a single parent-entity proposal, each 
such proposal must be prepared independently and without cooperation, collaboration, 
or collusion. 
3. If a proposer works with a consultant on its proposal, the consultant (an individual or 
company) may not assist any other entity with a proposal for this solicitation. 
4. Proposers should include all relevant information in its proposal, since Sourcewell 
cannot consider information that is not included in the proposal. Sourcewell reserves 
the right to verify proposer’s information and may request clarification from a proposer, 
including samples of the proposed equipment or products. 
5. Depending upon the responses received in a given category, Sourcewell may need to 
organize responses into subcategories in order to provide the broadest coverage of the 
requested equipment, products, or services to Participating Entities. Awards may be 
based on a subcategory. 
6. A proposer’s documented negative past performance with Sourcewell or its 
Participating Entities occurring under a previously awarded Sourcewell master 
agreement may be considered in the evaluation of a proposal.   
 
III. PRICING AND DELIVERY SCHEDULES 
A. REQUIREMENTS 
 

--- PAGE 12 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 12 
Sourcewell recognizes that enterprise AI solutions are delivered through fundamentally different 
commercial models. Proposers are expected to propose pricing structures appropriate to their 
Primary Lot and the nature of their offering and upload a corresponding detailed price sheet. 
 
All proposed pricing must be: 
 
1. Submitted using one or more of the following pricing structures, as appropriate to the 
proposer's Primary Lot and commercial model*: 
 
a. Line-Item Pricing — Pricing based on each individual product, platform, or service. 
Each line must indicate the proposer's published list price and the Master Agreement 
Price. Applicable where discrete, individually priced products or services are offered. 
b. Percentage Discount from Catalog or Published Rate Card — A percentage discount 
applied to a published rate card, MSRP, or catalog price. Proposers are responsible for 
providing and maintaining current published rates with Sourcewell throughout the 
term of any resulting master agreement. This pricing must be included in the proposal 
and updated as rate cards change. 
c. Subscription and Consumption-Based Pricing — For AI platforms, models, and 
infrastructure delivered on a recurring or usage-based basis. Proposals must identify 
the pricing unit (e.g., per user/month, per API call, per compute unit, per model 
inference, per transaction) and the not-to-exceed rate for each unit. Where 
consumption pricing is tiered, all tiers must be disclosed. 
d. Managed Services and Recurring Fees — For ongoing AI operations, model 
monitoring, and managed services delivered under a recurring engagement. Proposals 
must fully describe the pricing model, billing basis, scope of included services, and any 
assumptions, limitations, tiers, minimums, or other conditions affecting the proposed 
pricing (for example, pricing per month, per environment, per model, per user, by 
service tier, or under a fixed recurring fee arrangement). 
e. Time-and-Materials Rates — For professional services, implementation, advisory, and 
custom development. Proposals must provide not-to-exceed hourly or daily rates by 
role, labor category, or service type.  
f. Outcome- or Transaction-Based Pricing — For solutions priced per task completed, 
case resolved, or decision processed. Proposals must identify the unit of outcome, the 
not-to-exceed rate per unit, and any volume thresholds that affect per-unit pricing. 
g. Other – does not fit within the models above. Proposer must fully describe their 
pricing model. 
 
*Note on Pricing Model Selection: Proposers are not required to only use a single 
pricing model. 
 
2. Selected Bid Pricing Line Items - In addition to 1(a) through 1(g) above, Sourcewell is 
requesting selected bid pricing items to assist in preparation of the independent estimate 
and cost/price analysis. 
 

--- PAGE 13 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 13 
3. The proposer’s not to exceed price. A not to exceed price is the highest price for which 
equipment, products, or services may be billed to a Participating Entity. However, it is 
permissible for suppliers to sell at a price that is lower than the agreed-upon price. 
 
4. Stated in U.S. and Canadian dollars (as applicable). 
 
5. Clearly understandable, complete, and fully describe the total cost of acquisition (e.g., the 
cost of the proposed equipment, products, and services delivered and operational for its 
intended purpose in the Participating Entity’s location). 
 
Proposers should clearly identify any costs that are NOT included in the proposed product or 
service pricing. This may include items such as installation, set up, mandatory training, or initial 
inspection. Include identification of any parties that impose such costs and their relationship to 
the proposer. Additionally, proposers should clearly describe any unique distribution and/or 
delivery methods or options offered in the proposal.  
 
B. PRICING TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS 
 
Given the complexity and variability of AI pricing, all proposals must also include a Pricing 
Narrative – a plain-language explanation of: 
• How costs scale over time as usage, users, or data volumes grow; 
• What events or conditions may trigger pricing changes during the contract term (e.g., 
model updates, infrastructure changes, licensing tier adjustments); and 
• How a Participating Entity can reasonably estimate total cost of ownership over a multi-
year engagement. 
 
The Pricing Narrative is not a substitute for the structured price sheet required above — it is a 
supplement that allows evaluators and Participating Entities to assess the full economic 
picture. 
 
C. ADMINISTRATIVE FEES 
 
Proposers awarded a master agreement are expected to pay Sourcewell an administrative fee in 
exchange for Sourcewell facilitating the resulting master agreement s. The administrative fee is 
normally calculated as a percentage of the total sales to Participating Entities  for all equipment, 
products, or services made during a calendar quarter, and is typically one percent (1%) to two 
percent (2%). In some categories, a flat fee may be an acceptable alternative. 
 
D. DELIVERY SCHEDULES 
 
Participating Entities are encouraged to establish flexible delivery schedules whenever feasible 
with the awarded supplier. 
 
IV. MASTER AGREEMENT 

--- PAGE 14 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 14 
 
Proposers awarded a master agreement will be required to execute a master agreement with 
Sourcewell (see attached template). Only those modifications the proposer indicates in its 
proposal will be available for discussion. Much of the language in the master agreement reflects 
Minnesota legal requirements and cannot be altered. Numerous and/or onerous exceptions 
that contradict Minnesota law may result in the proposal being disqualified from further review 
and evaluation.  Additionally, if a Participating Entities use an awarded master agreement for 
FEMA or other federal grant purchases, terms and conditions required by 2 C.F.R.§200.327 and 
Appendix II to 2 C.F.R §200 are incorporated into the master agreement.  These terms and 
conditions cannot be altered. 
 
To identify any exception, or to request any modification, to Sourcewell’s standard master 
agreement terms, conditions, or specifications, a proposer must submit the proposed 
exception(s) or requested modification(s) via redline in the Master Agreement Template 
provided in the “Documents” section of the “Bid Details” page on the Sourcewell Procurement 
Portal and uploaded as part of its response. Only those exceptions noted at the time of the 
proposal submission will be considered. 
Exceptions must: 
1. Clearly identify the affected article and section. 
2. Clearly note the requested modification; and as applicable, provide requested 
alternative language. 
 
Unclear requests will be automatically denied.   
 
Only those exceptions that have been accepted by Sourcewell will be included in the master 
agreement document provided to the awarded supplier for signature. 
 
If a proposer receives a master agreement award resulting from this solicitation it will have up 
to 30 days to sign and return the master agreement. After that time, at Sourcewell’s sole 
discretion, the master agreement award may be revoked. 
 
V. RFP PROCESS 
 
A. PRE-PROPOSAL CONFERENCE 
 
Sourcewell will hold an optional, non-mandatory pre-proposal conference via webcast on the 
date and time noted in the Solicitation Schedule for this RFP and on the Sourcewell 
Procurement Portal. The purpose of this conference is to allow potential proposers to ask 
questions regarding this RFP and Sourcewell’s competitive procurement process. Information 
about the webcast will be sent to all entities that have registered for this solicitation 
opportunity through their Sourcewell Procurement Portal Vendor Account. Pre-proposal 
conference attendance is optional. 
 
B. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS RFP AND ORAL COMMUNICATION   

--- PAGE 15 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 15 
 
All questions regarding this RFP must be submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal. 
The deadline for submission of questions is found in the Solicitation Schedule and on the 
Sourcewell Procurement Portal. Answers to questions will be issued through an addendum to 
this RFP. Repetitive questions will be summarized into a single answer and identifying 
information will be removed from the submitted questions.   
 
All questions, whether specific to a proposer or generally related to the RFP, must be submitted 
using this process. Do not contact individual Sourcewell staff to ask questions or request 
information as this may disqualify the proposer from responding to this RFP. Sourcewell will not 
respond to questions submitted after the deadline.  
 
C. ADDENDA  
 
Sourcewell may modify this RFP at any time prior to the proposal due date by issuing an 
addendum. Addenda issued by Sourcewell become a part of the RFP and will be delivered to 
potential proposers through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal. Sourcewell accepts no liability 
in connection with the delivery of any addenda. 
 
Before a proposal will be accepted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal, all addenda, if 
any, must be acknowledged by the proposer by checking the box for each addendum. It is the 
responsibility of the proposer to check for any addenda that may have been issued up to the 
solicitation due date and time.  
 
If an addendum is issued after a proposer submitted its proposal, the Sourcewell Procurement 
Portal will WITHDRAW the submission and change the proposer’s proposal status to 
INCOMPLETE. The proposer can view this status change in the “MY BIDS” section of the 
Sourcewell Procurement Portal Vendor Account. The proposer is solely responsible to check the 
“MY BIDS” section of the Sourcewell Procurement Portal Vendor Account periodically after 
submitting its proposal (and up to the Proposal Due Date). If the proposer’s proposal status has 
changed to INCOMPLETE, the proposer is solely responsible to: 
1. make any required adjustments to its proposal;  
2. acknowledge the addenda; and 
3. ensure the re-submitted proposal is received through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal 
no later than the Proposal Due Date and time shown in the Solicitation Schedule above. 
 
D. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION 
 
Proposer’s complete proposal must be submitted through the Sourcewell Procurement Portal 
no later than the date and time specified in the Solicitation Schedule. Any other form of 
proposal submission, whether electronic, paper, or otherwise, will not be considered by 
Sourcewell. Late proposals will not be considered. It is the proposer’s sole responsibility to 
ensure that the proposal is received on time. 
  

--- PAGE 16 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 16 
It is recommended that proposers allow sufficient time to upload the proposal and to resolve 
any issues that may arise. The time and date that a proposal is received by Sourcewell is solely 
determined by the Sourcewell Procurement Portal web clock. 
 
In the event of problems with the Sourcewell Procurement Portal, follow the instructions for 
technical support posted in the portal. It may take up to 24 hours to respond to certain issues.   
 
Upon successful submission of a proposal, the Sourcewell Procurement Portal will automatically 
generate a confirmation email to the proposer. If the proposer does not receive a confirmation 
email, contact Sourcewell’s support provider at support@bidsandtenders.ca. 
 
To ensure receipt of the latest information and updates via email regarding this solicitation, or 
if the proposer has obtained this solicitation document from a third party, the onus is on the 
proposer to create a Sourcewell Procurement Portal Vendor Account and register for this 
solicitation opportunity. 
 
Within the Sourcewell Procurement Portal, all proposals must be digitally acknowledged by an 
authorized representative of the proposer attesting that the information contained in the 
proposal is true and accurate. By submitting a proposal, proposer warrants that the information 
provided is true, correct, and reliable for purposes of evaluation for potential master 
agreement award. The submission of inaccurate, misleading, or false information is grounds for 
disqualification from a master agreement award and may subject the proposer to remedies 
available by law. 
 
E. GENERAL PROPOSAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
Proposals must be: 
1. In substantial compliance with  the requirements of this RFP or it will be considered 
nonresponsive and be rejected. 
2. Complete. A proposal will be rejected if it is conditional or incomplete.  
3. Submitted in English.  
4. Valid and irrevocable for 150 days following the Proposal Due Date. 
 
Any and all costs incurred in responding to this RFP will be borne by the proposer.  
 
F. PROPOSAL WITHDRAWAL 
 
Prior to the proposal deadline, a proposer may withdraw its proposal.  
 
G. OPENING 
 
The Opening of proposals will be conducted in the Sourcewell Procurement Portal immediately 
following the proposal due date and time. To view the list of proposers resulting from the 

--- PAGE 17 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 17 
opening, verify that the Sourcewell Procurement Portal opportunities list search is set to “All” 
or “Closed.”  
 
Members of the public may attend the Opening at Sourcewell’s office located at 202 12th 
Street NE, Staples, MN to hear the results. 
 
VI. EVALUATION AND AWARD 
 
A. EVALUATION 
 
It is the intent of Sourcewell to award one or more master agreements to responsive and 
responsible proposers offering the best overall quality, selection of equipment, products, and 
services, and price that meet the commonly requested specifications of Sourcewell and its 
Participating Entities. The award(s) will be limited to the number of proposers that Sourcewell 
determines is necessary to meet the needs of its Participating Entities. 
 
Proposals submitted in response to this Solicitation will be evaluated on a Lot-by-Lot basis. The 
issuance of awards may occur at different times for each Lot, and Sourcewell reserves the right 
to evaluate, negotiate, and award contracts for any Lot independently of the others. 
 
Factors to be considered in determining the number of master agreements to be awarded in 
any category may include the following: 
1. Total evaluation scores ( considering natural break s in the scoring  of responsive 
proposals); 
2. The number and geographic location of highest-scoring proposers that offer: 
a. A comprehensive selection of the requested equipment, products, or services; 
b. A sales and service network ensur ing availability and coverage for Participating 
Entities’ use; and 
c. Other attributes of the proposer or contents of its proposal that assist Participating 
Entities in achieving environmental and social requirements, and goals. 
 
Information submitted as part of a proposal should be as specific as possible when responding 
to the RFP. Do not assume Sourcewell has any knowledge about a specific supplier or product. 
 
Responsiveness Criteria 
  
To qualify as responsive under this RFP, a Proposer must demonstrate experience delivering 
artificial intelligence solutions in a highly regulated industry at a scale appropriate to the 
selected Lot. The required thresholds are identified and explained at the beginning of the RFP 
Questionnaire in the Sourcewell Procurement Portal, and will be evaluated during a 
responsiveness review, which constitutes the first step of the evaluation process.  
 

--- PAGE 18 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 18 
• Highly regulated industries are sectors subject to strict government oversight, 
compliance standards, and legal requirements to ensure safety, security, and ethical 
practices. 
• Qualifying highly regulated industries include, but are not limited to: banking and 
financial services, insurance, healthcare and public health, federal, state, local, or tribal 
government, K–12 or higher education, public safety and criminal justice, public 
transportation and transit authorities, utilities and energy (where government-operated 
or regulated), and defense and national security. Whether an industry qualifies as highly 
regulated for the purposes of this RFP will be determined at the sole discretion of the 
evaluation team 
 
B. AWARD(S) 
 
Award(s) will be made to the highest-scoring proposer(s) whose proposal conforms to all 
conditions and requirements of the RFP, and consistent with the award criteria defined in this 
RFP. 
 
Proposals submitted in response to this Solicitation will be evaluated on a Lot-by-Lot basis. The 
issuance of awards may occur at different times for each Lot, and Sourcewell reserves the right 
to evaluate, negotiate, and award contracts for any Lot independently of the others. 
 
Sourcewell may request written clarification of a proposal at any time during the evaluation 
process. 
 
Proposal evaluation will be based on the following scoring criteria and the Sourcewell Evaluator 
Scoring Guide (a copy is available in the Sourcewell Procurement Portal): 
 
  
Conformance to RFP Requirements Pass/Fail 
Financial Viability and Marketplace Success 50 
Ability to Sell and Deliver Solutions  175 
Responsible AI & Governance  175 
Marketing Plan 100 
Value Added Attributes 100 
Depth and Breadth of Offered Solutions 200 
Pricing 200 
TOTAL POINTS 1000 
 
Sourcewell reserves the right to reduce or recalibrate the numerical evaluation scale to align 
with Sourcewell’s then-current procurement practices. Any such adjustment will apply 
prospectively and uniformly to future evaluation cycles. Notwithstanding any modification to the 
evaluation scale, all substantive evaluation criteria and the weights assigned to those criteria will 
remain unchanged and will be applied consistently across all future rolling solicitations.  
 
C. PROTESTS OF AWARDS 

--- PAGE 19 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 19 
 
Any protest made under this RFP by a proposer must be in writing, in English, addressed to 
Sourcewell’s Chief Executive Officer, and delivered to the Sourcewell office located at 202 12th 
Street NE, Staples, MN 56479. All documents that comprise the complete protest package must 
be received, and time stamped at the Sourcewell office by 3:30 p.m., Central Time, no later 
than 10 business days following Sourcewell’s notice of master agreement non-award. A protest 
must allege a procedural, technical, or legal defect, with supporting documentation. A protest 
that merely requests a re-evaluation of a proposal’s content will not be entertained.  
 
A protest must include the following items: 
• The name, address, and telephone number of the protester; 
• Identification of the solicitation by RFP number; 
• A precise statement of the relevant facts; 
• Identification of the alleged procedural, technical, or legal defect;  
• Analysis of the basis for the protest;  
• Any additional supporting documentation;  
• The original signature of the protester or its representative; and 
• Protest bond in the amount of $20,000  (except where prohibited by law or 
 treaty).  
 
Protests that do not address these elements and include all required documents will not be 
reviewed. 
 
D. RIGHTS RESERVED 
 
This RFP does not commit Sourcewell to award any master agreement, and a proposal may be 
rejected if it is nonresponsive, conditional, incomplete, conflicting, or misleading. Proposals 
that contain false statements or do not support an attribute or condition stated by the 
proposer may be rejected. 
 
In addition to any other rights reserved herein, Sourcewell reserves the right to: 
• Modify or cancel this RFP at any time; 
• Reject any and all proposals received; 
• Reject proposals that do not comply with the provisions of this RFP; 
• Select, for master agreements or for discussion, a proposal other than that with the 
lowest cost; 
• Independently verify any information provided in a proposal; 
• Disqualify any proposer that does not meet the requirements of this RFP, is debarred or 
suspended by the United States or Canada, State of Minnesota, Participating Entity’s 
state or province; has an officer, or other key personnel, who have been charged with a 
serious crime; or is bankrupt, insolvent, or where bankruptcy or insolvency are a 
reasonable prospect; 

--- PAGE 20 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 20 
• Waive or modify any informalities, irregularities, or inconsistencies in the proposals 
received; 
• Clarify any part of a proposal and discuss any aspect of the proposal with any proposer; 
and negotiate with more than one proposer; 
• Award a master agreement if only one responsive proposal is received if it is in the best 
interest of Participating Entities; and 
• Award a master agreement to one or more proposers if it is in the best interest of 
Participating Entities.  
 
E. DISPOSITION OF PROPOSALS 
 
All materials submitted in response to this RFP will become property of Sourcewell and will 
become public record in accordance with Minnesota Statutes Chapter 13, after negotiations are 
complete, including pricing and financial data. Sourcewell considers negotiations complete 
upon execution of a resulting master agreement.  
 
Proposers are explicitly cautioned not to submit any data that they consider to be confidential, 
proprietary, or trade secret, as such data will not be treated as confidential and will be subject 
to public disclosure in accordance with Minnesota law. 
 
F. ADDITIONAL FEDERAL FUNDING NOTICES 
 
NOTICE TO ALL PROPOSERS 
 
Non-Discrimination on the Basis of Faith  
• Faith-based organizations may propose to this Request for Proposals on the same basis 
as any other organization, as set forth at, and subject to the protections and 
requirements of, this part and any applicable constitutional and statutory requirements, 
including 42 U.S.C. 2000bb et seq. Neither Sourcewell, nor any federal funding agency 
will discriminate for or against an organization on the basis of the organization’s 
religious character, motives, or affiliation, or lack thereof, or on the basis of conduct 
that would not be considered grounds to favor or disfavor a similarly situated secular 
organization. 
• A faith-based organization that participates in this program will retain its independence 
from the government and may continue to carry out its mission consistent with religious 
freedom and conscience protections in Federal law. Religious accommodations may also 
be sought under many of these religious freedom, nondiscrimination, and conscience 
protections in Federal law. 
• A faith-based organization may not use direct Federal financial assistance from any 
federal funding agency to support or engage in any explicitly religious activities except 
when consistent with the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment and any other 
applicable requirements. An organization receiving Federal financial assistance also may 
not, in providing services funded by any Federal agency, or in their outreach activities 
related to such services, discriminate against a program beneficiary on the basis of 

--- PAGE 21 ---
 
Rev. 3/2026               Sourcewell RFP #061726 
Enterprise Artificial Intelligence: Platforms, Services, and Integrated Delivery 
  Page 21 
religion, a religious belief, a refusal to hold a religious belief, or a refusal to attend or 
participate in a religious service. 
 
Non-Discrimination of Disadvantaged Businesses 
  
In accordance with the provisions of Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (78 Stat. 252, 42 
U.S.C. §§ 2000d to 2000d-4), Sourcewell hereby notifies all proposers that it will affirmatively 
ensure that disadvantaged business enterprises will be afforded full and fair opportunity to 
submit proposals in response to this Request for Proposals and will not be discriminated against 
on the grounds of race, color, or national origin in consideration for an award. 
 
