 
Reference: RFSQ-0586 
Information Management Technology Consulting Services 
Amendment Questions and Answers  
 
 Page 1 of 5 
 
AMENDMENT:   
The following questions and answers are provided to all interested Proponents. Where possible, 
similar questions asked by multiple proponents were consolidated into a single question. 
Question 1: How interconnected are the GOS ministries in regard to their IT.  
Response:  Information Technology Division (ITD) supports up to 17 ministries in 
executive government. Interconnection between each ministry is present in our 
one government approach.  
Question 2: Are future projects from this RFSQ going to be a collaboration between ITD and 
the ministries that need services? 
Response:  A bit of both. For example: i f a  ministry is in need of a data architect 
ITD would procure for the ministry. ITD provides o ne point of contact for the 
ministries.  
Question 3: What are your current data warehousing capabilities?  
Response: The current data warehousing is managed and delivered as a service 
through ITD and our technology platforms provider. Warehousing is 
predominantly built with the IBM Infosphere products and DB2 is data base 
backing the data warehouse.  
Question 4: W hat do you use for ETL tools?  
Response: Enterprise platform uses the IBM Infosphere suite. The reporting tool 
is IBM Cognos, however GOS has the capability of using Power BI.  The 
Enterprise GIS platform is an on-premise deployment of the enterprise GIS 
solution from ESRI. We use SAFE Software’s FME tools and vendor supplied 
solutions to design and build ETL to automate and improve workflows for spatial 
data.    
Question 5: W ith the existing solution, what are your gaps?  
Response: We have an existing vendor in place to modernize and support the 
toolset. GOS is aware of some gaps, the top areas currently being considered 
include improved data masking, data cataloguing, data quality management and 
real-time access to data. 
Question 6: D ata Governance, ETL loading from what?  I.e.: Flat files.  
Response: Currently there are multiple ministries with different business 
applications resulting in different data sources such as DB2, Oracle, SQL Server, 
GOS also has API based connections.  
Question 7: H ave you considered migration to cloud?  
 
Reference: RFSQ-0586 
Information Management Technology Consulting Services 
Amendment Questions and Answers  
 
 Page 2 of 5 
 
Response: Cloud is a consideration, GOS currently has a presence in both the 
cloud and on prem. GOS is working with current service providers to determine 
when moving to cloud is appropriate.  
Question 8: W ho is your cloud provider(s)?  
Response: Microsoft Azure is currently part of the formally supported enterprise 
services. There are also some third-party systems that use Amazon Web 
Services and GOS currently has some cloud services running in Oracle Cloud. 
Additional cloud services are being reviewed. 
Question 9: C an you talk about 2 year and 5-year goals?  
Response:  GOS envisions being seen as a leader providing better services to our 
citizens, businesses and industries. The dynamically changing landscape is 
driving the need for system enhancement. GOS is looking to grow their service 
offering while maintaining current state and enhance as GOS works towards 
modern analytics. This includes promoting data driven decision making. 
Question 10: D
 o you have any POCs in place to modernize?  
Response: Nothing currently is underway.  
Question 11: Would modernization fall under this RFSQ?  
Response: The RFP together with the RFSQ provides the approach to the 
modernization of the platform and data practices.  
Question 12: A re you looking for support for core databases?  
Response: We do have a team in place for support and through this RFSQ are 
looking for additional services to complement and extend our in-house 
capabilities. 
Question 13: I s GOS looking to segregate ministry data and security as part of the 
requirements? 
Response: GO S currently has segregation in place.  
Question 14: Are you open to new software and upgrades?  
 
Reference: RFSQ-0586 
Information Management Technology Consulting Services 
Amendment Questions and Answers  
 
 Page 3 of 5 
 
Response: The scope of the RFP is intended to include the existing solution.  As 
GOS becomes aware of needs and changes, we are open to bringing new 
technology in. GOS does need to ensure as any change is implemented the 
workflow is maintained. This RFSQ is part of a bigger envisioned operating 
model (refer to the diagram and discussion in the RFSQ for additional details). 
The RFP is focused on the technology platform sustainment and evolution.  This 
RFSQ is intended to provide additional consulting capabilities. While technology 
is part of the equation, there are non-technology areas such as governance, 
culture and practices as well.  New technologies would need to be coordinated 
with GOS, the platform provider and the ministries. 
Question 15: W ould this be open to crown corporations to leverage?  
Response: Language has been included for their ability to leverage.  
Question 16: Can you explain local knowledge and what GOS is looking for?  
Response: Refer to Section D.2.  Knowledge of public service organizations, 
ideally Saskatchewan, or other Canadian provincial entities would be beneficial 
to note in your response. 
Question 17: H ow does the scope of work requested in this RFSQ align with RFP Information 
Management Platform recently issued?   
Response: The focus of the R FP is to maintain and sustain the existing platform 
and services, along with identifying gaps and working towards modernization. 
Within that, GOS envisions additional work to fall into the 6 areas identified in 
the RFSQ. The RFSQ is to help GOS with resources and to provide the ability to 
acquire these in a timely manner.  
Question 18: C an a vendor respond to and potentially be successful on all 6 categories? 
Response:  Yes, a vendor can be considered for any or all of the 6 categories.  
Question 19: Where is the most effort or focus areas of the 6 categories?  
Response: GOS is not sure where the initial focus will be. GOS recognizes gaps in 
our tool offering and as a result business transformation is potentially needed. 
Several ministries are looking for support moving from aging tools to newer 
tool(s).  
Question 20: Do  you see policy work that might need occur?  
Response: Yes, in response to the responsible use of AI, consideration is needed. 
GOS requires a framework. 
Question 21: I f you are selected as a qualified vendor in the categories, what is the 
contract/bidding process? Are the qualified vendors required to submit a formal 
proposal?  
 
Reference: RFSQ-0586 
Information Management Technology Consulting Services 
Amendment Questions and Answers  
 
 Page 4 of 5 
 
Response: Each project leveraging the RFSQ will post a competition to the pre-
qualified list. The amount of work required for a proposal will depend on the 
complexity of the project and details required. That is, a short-term engagement 
may not need as comprehensive of a response as a longer-term engagement. It 
will be situation dependent. 
Question 22: A re you open to offsite resources?   
Response: As long as the mandatory requirements and alignment to Appendix G 
– Information Security are met, the Service Provider can propose the delivery 
model that aligns with the requirements of the RFSQ and subsequent 
competitions. For proposed support resources that reside outside of Canada, 
specific and detailed descriptions of how the mandatory security requirements 
can be met will be a critical part of your response. Support will be required 
7/24. 
Question 23: D
 o you have projects in mind that would be accessing the RFSQ? How much do 
you see multiple business units advancing one capability?  
Response: GO S has a one government approach, however each ministry is in a 
different place on their analytics journey. Analytic success is tied directly into 
business outcomes. The ministries will, however, work together to define the 
standards.  
Question 24: W hat is the data governance/ management frameworks that are in place? 
Response: The enterprise data governance framework is in the concept stage 
and will need to be formalized. Some ministries have established data 
governance within the bounds of their organization. The intention is to 
incorporate/extend the enterprise data governance framework within the 
overall IT governance framework currently being implemented. 
Question 25: A re there any data catalogs/ metadata management tools currently in place? 
Response: Some ministries are using basic approaches, some use data modeling 
tools.  We would look to further define "enterprise" tools with the winning 
proponent of the RFP process. 
Question 26: W hat are the current master data management practices and/or tools currently 
in place?  
Response: T here is no master data management initiative or tools in place.  
Question 27: How is data quality managed, tracked and reported?  
Response: Data quality is currently managed by each individual ministry. An 
enterprise tool is not in place but has been highlighted as a possible service to 
add to the technology platform. 
Question 28:  A re you open to team arrangements?  
 
Reference: RFSQ-0586 
Information Management Technology Consulting Services 
Amendment Questions and Answers  
 
 Page 5 of 5 
 
Response:  It would depend on the engagement and the specific opportunit y, 
however GOS is open to any proposal submitted.  
Question 29: Do you see business transformation Organizational Change Management (OCM) 
as being stand alone to projects from the RFSQ or being completed with the RFP? 
Response:  OCM is critical, GOS has different organizations at different maturity 
levels and envision this to be a part of both the transformation that is taking place 
as part of the RFP and projects from the RFSQ.  
Question 30: Question D.4.2 requests the proponents to indicate "experience working within 
a multi- vendor environment to achieve common outcomes". Can you please 
define "vendor" in the context of this question? 
Response: A  v endor can be any non-GOS organization that is providing products 
or services in the data management domain. 
Question 31: I n Section F - Response Guidelines on page 26/32 of the RFSQ, it states "Each 
Response should include a Submission Form (Appendix B)". Can you please 
confirm this was supposed to refer to appendix D and not appendix B.  
Response: Correct, this is a typo. Ap
 pendix D is the Submission form. 
Question 32: Besides experience in Microsoft Power BI solutions, is GOS looking for 
experience in other Microsoft offerings such as SharePoint Online and Microsoft 
Purview?  
Resp
onse: GOS is interested in proponent familiarity with any Microsoft 
products associated with information and data management. 
END OF AMM ENDMENT  
 