saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Request for Supplier Qualifications (RFSQ) 
Prequalification  
 
For  
Information Management Technology Consulting 
Services 
 
Request for Supplier Qualifications No.: RFSQ-0586-1  
Issued Date: September 13, 2023 
Response Deadline Date: February 29, 2028  
 
 
Note:  This RFSQ is a continuous onboarding process. The prequalified supplier(s) from RFSQ-0586 will 
not be required to submit a response to this continuous response process.  
  
Page 2 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
PART 1 - INVITATION AND RESPONSE INSTRUCTIONS .......................................................................... 3 
1.1 Invitation to Proponents .................................................................................................................... 3 
1.2 RFSQ Contact ...................................................................................................................................... 4 
1.3 Type of Agreement for Deliverables .................................................................................................. 4 
1.4 RFSQ Timetable .................................................................................................................................. 5 
1.5 Responses .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
PART 2 - EVALUATION OF RESPONSES ................................................................................................ 8 
2.1 Stages of Evaluation ........................................................................................................................... 8 
2.2 Stage I – Requirements ...................................................................................................................... 8 
2.3 Stage II – Written Evaluation ............................................................................................................. 8 
2.4 Ranking and Selection ........................................................................................................................ 8 
2.5 Stage III – Interviews/Presentations and Reference Checks .............................................................. 8 
PART 3 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RFSQ PROCESS ................................................................ 10 
3.1 General Information and Instructions ............................................................................................. 10 
3.2 Communication after Issuance of RFSQ ........................................................................................... 11 
3.3 Notification and Debriefing .............................................................................................................. 12 
3.4 Conflict of Interest and Prohibited Conduct .................................................................................... 12 
3.5 Confidential Information .................................................................................................................. 14 
3.6 Procurement Process Non-binding .................................................................................................. 15 
3.7 Governing Law and Interpretation ................................................................................................... 15 
APPENDIX A - RFSQ PARTICULARS .................................................................................................... 16 
APPENDIX C - FORM OF AGREEMENT ................................................................................................ 27 
APPENDIX D - MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS & SUBMISSION FORM .................................................. 28 
APPENDIX E - DEFINITIONS ............................................................................................................... 30 
APPENDIX F - ITD ENVIRONMENT ..................................................................................................... 31 
APPENDIX G - INFORMATION SECURITY ............................................................................................ 31 
APPENDIX H - INFRASTRUCTURE AND ARCHITECTURE ....................................................................... 31 
APPENDIX I – RATED CRITERIA .......................................................................................................... 31 
APPENDIX J – NOT REQUIRED ........................................................................................................... 31 
APPENDIX K – NOT REQUIRED .......................................................................................................... 31 
APPENDIX L – REFERENCE COPY OF RFP-0575.................................................................................... 31 
Page 3 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
PART 1 - INVITATION AND RESPONSE INSTRUCTIONS 
1.1 Invitation to Proponents 
This Request for Supplier Qualifications (RFSQ) is an invitation by the Government of Saskatchewan 
(GOS) to prospective Proponents to pre-qualify for the provision of Information Management 
Technology Consulting Services on an “as required” basis.  
The Ministry of SaskBuilds and Procurement (SBP) helps build strong communities and a strong 
economy through the design and delivery of infrastructure, procurement, IT and logistics services and 
solutions for the Government of Saskatchewan. The ministry procures, manages and operates critical 
infrastructure government relies on to deliver essential public services for citizens. The Information 
Technology Division (ITD) within SBP facilitates the provisioning of secure business applications and 
technologies through vendor partners in support of the delivery of government services in the public 
interest.  
The current Government of Saskatchewan contract for technical services related to operational 
reporting and analytics is expiring and the ministry requires related consulting services to continue to be 
delivered. ITD seeks to support the government organizations it serves with the goal to enhance the 
quality of decision making for government programs and delivery of services to citizens through 
continuous improvements to data management and analytics. 
The intent of this RFSQ is to have a list of prequalified consultants where GOS can efficiently acquire 
data management and analytics consulting services. These services will be provided by industry 
specialists or subject matter experts that have the capability to provide advice and consulting to address 
GOS data management needs as they are identified. To be clear, this process is to establish a list of pre-
qualified vendors, no financial commitments are being made in this RFSQ; subsequent competitive 
processes will follow as needs are identified. 
Proponents are invited to provide submissions, in accordance with the terms, conditions and proposal 
response format as specified in this RFSQ, for the pre-qualification of one (1) or more of the following 
categories of consulting services as further described in Appendix A - RFSQ Particulars, Section B – The 
Deliverables. The high-level service categories include: 
1. Data Governance 
2. Business Transformation 
3. Data Management Support 
4. Analytics: Reporting and Business Intelligence (BI) Dashboards 
5. Advanced Analytics: Data Science, AI/ML  
6. Data Integration and Interoperability 
Important Notice to Proponents: 
These services are intended to provide “add-on” consulting services that are related to and will support 
the technology platform services to be acquired through the related procurement [RFP-0575 
Information Management Technology Platform]. The “add-on” consulting services could range from 
short term assistance for the Ministries on specific data topics to specific and larger data management 
projects and initiatives. The details of how this RFSQ relates to the associated RFP are further described 
in Appendix A – RFSQ Particulars, Section A – Background below.   
Page 4 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
1.2 RFSQ Contact 
Direct any questions regarding this competition to: 
BTSProcurement@gov.sk.ca 
Attention: Sheryl Plysiuk-Kolish, RFSQ-0586-1 
Proponents and their representatives are not permitted to contact any employees, officers, agents, 
elected or appointed officials or other representatives of GOS, other than the RFSQ Contact, concerning 
matters regarding this RFSQ. Failure to adhere to this rule may result in the disqualification of the 
Proponent and the rejection of the Proponent’s Response.   
Inquiries and their Responses may be posted on the website sasktenders.ca at the sole discretion of the 
GOS, without revealing the source of the inquiry.  
1.3 Type of Agreement for Deliverables  
Selected Proponents may be invited to enter into an agreement in the form set out in Appendix C (the 
“Master Terms and Conditions”), which will govern the potential subsequent agreement of the 
Deliverables pursuant to invitational second stage competitive processes.   
Responses will be evaluated in accordance with the evaluation process set out in Part 2 of the RFSQ. 
Based on the evaluation of Responses, those that meet the pass threshold outlined in Section D of 
Appendix A will be selected for inclusion on a prequalified list of suppliers that are eligible to participate 
in an invitational second stage competitive process for the potential provision of the Deliverables to GOS 
ministries, agencies, crown corporations, First Nations schools, and municipalities, academia, schools, or 
health care organizations (MASH).  
Proponents that have not passed the threshold, and are not qualified through this process, may be 
eligible to re-qualify.  
1.3.1 Continuous Prequalification Process 
This pre-qualification will be posted to SaskTenders as a continuous onboarding process for additional 
Respondents of RFSQ-0586, for the remaining length of the RFSQ term. The same terms and conditions, 
qualifications, requirements and evaluation processes set out in the initial RFSQ document will apply to 
all Respondents. In this onboarding RFSQ, evaluation and selection of Respondents will occur quarterly 
or at the discretion of GOS from the Issue Date of RFSQ onboarding until the onboarding process ends. 
The onboarding process is expected to continue until six (6) months prior to expiration of the RFSQ 
term, and questions will be answered continuously through the onboarding process. 
Respondents that are not qualified through this process, will not be eligible to re-qualify until three (3) 
months after their last Submission. 
The prequalified supplier list resulting from this prequalification process will be in effect from the date 
of commencement for five (5) years.  
The GOS reserves the right to remove prequalified supplier(s) that do not perform in accordance with 
the requirements set out in the second-stage competition(s) and in their response.  
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
The prequalified supplier list will be utilized with the following process for usage: 
• For orders up to $25,000 
Public entities may contact one supplier on the list for the supply of consulting services. 
However, it is recommended that more than one (1) supplier on the list be contacted for a 
quote so that pricing and offerings can be compared. The supplier should be selected based on 
best value to government.  
• For orders from $25,001 to $75,000 
Public entities are required to contact a minimum of three (3) suppliers on the list for a quote 
for the supply of consulting services. The supplier should be selected based on best value to 
government. 
• For orders over $75,001+ 
Public entities are required to contact all suppliers on the list within an applicable category, for a 
quote for the supply of consulting services. The supplier should be selected based on best value 
to government.  
Proponents which are prequalified pursuant to this RFSQ are not guaranteed any volume of goods or 
service subsequent to this RFSQ, as all orders will be on an “as required basis”.  
GOS reserves the right to engage other suppliers through additional competitive processes should it be 
deemed in the best interest of GOS to do so. 
As part of the GOS audit process, prequalified suppliers may be required to complete a survey at the end 
of each term, in order to verify participation and usage. 
1.4 RFSQ Timetable 
Issue Date of RFSQ September 13, 2023 
Deadline for Questions Ongoing 
Deadline for Issuing Addenda Ongoing 
Response Submission Deadline February 29, 2028 
Rectification Period 3 days after notification 
Anticipated Evaluation and Selection of Respondents  Ongoing quarterly or at the discretion of 
GOS 
The RFSQ timetable is tentative only and may be changed by GOS at any time. 
1.5 Responses 
1.5.1 Responses 
Proponents must submit by email.   
The GOS does not assume any responsibility for delayed or rejected Responses. Proponents 
acknowledge that all risks associated with Responses are their sole responsibility, and that late 
Responses, regardless of the reason, will be rejected. 
If there are multiple Responses received from a Proponent, the last email copy submitted will prevail. 
Page 6 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
The Initial Response Submission Date is outlined in Section 1.4 – RFSQ Timetable. 
Responses by email: 
One (1) electronic copy in .pdf, .doc or .docx, excel format, which includes the RFSQ reference number 
and closing date, are to be forwarded to: 
response@gov.sk.ca 
The subject line of the email should contain the competition reference number, competition title and 
company name (example: RFSQ 0586-Title-Company Name).  
One (1) email, including attachments, should not be larger than 25MB or it may not be successfully 
transmitted. It is recommended to send one (1) email, however, if sending multiple emails, provide clear 
instructions on how the Submission is intended to be integrated.   
Email submissions with links to a cloud-based storage system (i.e. Dropbox, Google Drive, OneDrive) will 
not be accepted.  
Executable file formats such as .exe will not be accepted. The preferred file formats are .pdf, .doc, .docx, 
.xls and .xlsx.  
The received time in the recipient’s email inbox will be the recorded date and time of Submission. The 
GOS will provide confirmation of email receipt to Proponents via an automatic email message. If no 
confirmation email is received, please contact 306-787-6871.  
Prior to closing, GOS will maintain confidentiality of email Submissions subject to the GOS officials 
opening an email for the purpose of identification. In the event that one (1) or more files cannot be 
opened (e.g., are corrupted), the Proponent will not have an opportunity to resend such files after 
closing. 
For more information, refer to the document Guidelines for Proponent Responses via Email on 
SaskTenders
. 
1.5.2 Responses to be Received on Time 
Responses must be received at the email address set out above on or before the Response Deadline. 
Responses received after the Response Deadline will not be accepted. 
Onus and responsibility rests solely with the Proponent to submit its Response to the exact email 
address indicated in this RFSQ on or before the Response Deadline. GOS does not accept any 
responsibility for Responses submitted to any other email address by the Proponent or its delivery 
agents. Proponents are advised to make Responses well before the deadline. Proponents making 
Responses near the deadline do so at their own risk. 
1.5.3 Amendment of Responses 
Proponents may amend their Responses prior to the Response Deadline by submitting the amendment 
to the email address set out above. Any amendment should clearly indicate the RFSQ title and number, 
and which part of the Response the amendment is intended to amend or replace. 
1.5.4 Withdrawal of Responses 
At any time prior to the execution of a written Agreement for provision of the Deliverables, a Proponent 
may withdraw a Response. To withdraw a Response, a notice of withdrawal must be received by the 
Page 7 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
RFSQ Contact and should be signed by an authorized representative of the Proponent. GOS is under no 
obligation to return withdrawn Responses. 
[End of Part 1] 
  
Page 8 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
PART 2 - EVALUATION OF RESPONSES 
2.1 Stages of Evaluation  
GOS will conduct the evaluation of Responses in the following stages:  
2.2 Stage I – Requirements 
GOS will review Response components for administrative deficiencies and compliance with mandatory 
requirements.   
Administrative Deficiencies   
If GOS determines that a proposal fails to meet any of the mandatory or submission requirements, GOS 
may at its discretion offer a rectification process. If a proposal fails to satisfy any of the mandatory or 
submission requirements, GOS may issue the proponent a rectification notice identifying the 
deficiencies and providing the proponent an opportunity to rectify the deficiencies. If the proponent 
fails to respond or to satisfy those mandatory or submission requirements within the Rectification 
Period, the proposal will be assessed on the initial proposal or eliminated from the process at GOS’s 
direction. The Rectification Period will begin to run from the date and time that GOS issues a 
rectification notice to the proponent. The mandatory and submission requirements are set out in 
Appendix D and Appendix A, Section F respectively.  
 
GOS may eliminate mandatory requirements unmet by all Proponents. 
2.3 Stage II – Written Evaluation  
GOS will evaluate each qualified Response on the basis of the rated criteria as set out in Appendix A.  
The term “requirement” “shall” “must” (or similar term used in this RFSQ) is used for convenience only 
and is not intended to imply that any Response that does not exactly match or meet such a 
“requirement” will necessarily be disqualified. Instead, as part of the evaluation process, Proponents, 
goods, and services will be evaluated based on the extent to which, and how well, they are able to 
satisfy the intent, fit for purpose, and substance of the “requirements” or “specifications” contained in 
this RFSQ. 
2.4 Ranking and Selection  
Based on the evaluation of the Responses that meet the mandatory requirements in Stage II, GOS 
intends to select the three (3) highest scoring Proponents, per category. GOS may choose to select 
additional Proponents if their total score is within 10% of the highest scoring Proponent. GOS may                          select 
fewer than the three (3) highest scoring Proponents per category by choosing not to select Proponents 
with a total score that is not within 15% of the total score of the highest scoring Proponent. GOS will 
determine how many Proponents, if any, will be included on the prequalified                    supplier list. 
2.5 Stage III – Interviews/Presentations and Reference Checks 
Top-ranked Proponent(s) may be invited to participate in the interview/presentation and reference 
check stage. 
Page 9 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
2.5.1 Interview/Presentation (Optional) 
Top-ranked Proponent(s) may be required to attend an interview or make a presentation to the 
Evaluation Team. The interview can include a presentation. Materials prepared by the top-ranked 
Proponent for the interview/presentation shall be provided to the Evaluation Team. 
The interview/presentation is intended to verify that the proposed approach or services meet all the 
requirements and provides the Evaluation Team some exposure to the designated Proponent 
organization or service team.  
The interview/presentation may also be used to clarify any portion of the written Response, if required.  
The Evaluation Team will ask questions about the contents of the Proponent or presentation for 
clarification purposes. Clarifications made by the Proponent during the interview/presentation will 
become part of the Proponent’s Response and may be included in any contract negotiations. 
2.5.2 Reference Checks (Optional) 
Reference checks may be completed for the Proponent and/or their proposed resources and sub-
contractors. 
During reference checks, GOS reserves the right to contact any of the Proponent’s customers who GOS 
believes may be able to provide information about the Proponent that would be pertinent to this RFSQ. 
The GOS reserves the right to conduct reference checks at any time during the RFSQ process. 
Proponents who receive unfavourable references, in the opinion of the GOS, may have their proposal 
rejected. 
[End of Part 2]
Page 10 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
PART 3 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RFSQ PROCESS 
3.1 General Information and Instructions 
3.1.1 Proponents to Follow Instructions 
Proponents should structure their Responses in accordance with the instructions in this RFSQ. Where 
information is requested in this RFSQ, any response made in a Response should reference the applicable 
section numbers of this RFSQ. 
3.1.2 Responses in English 
All Responses are to be in English only. 
3.1.3 No Incorporation by Reference  
The entire content of the Proponent’s Response should be submitted in a fixed form, and the content of 
websites or other external documents referred to in the Proponent’s Response but not attached may 
not be considered to form part of its Response. If Proponents wish to reference websites or external 
documents, they should obtain the approval of the RFSQ Contact prior to the Response Date.  
Proponents are responsible for ensuring that all external content that is referenced is accurate and are 
to provide notice to GOS of any changes that may arise after Response. GOS may, at any time, require a 
Proponent to provide a hard copy of some or all of the external content referenced. 
3.1.4 References and Past Performance 
In the evaluation process, GOS may consider information provided by the Proponent’s references and 
may also consider information independently obtained by GOS about the Proponent or its Response in 
the course of GOS’s own due diligence, including any previous dealings or experience, if any, with a 
Proponent. GOS may contact any of the Proponent’s customers who GOS believes may be able to 
provide information about the Proponent that would be pertinent to this RFSQ. 
3.1.5 Information in RFSQ Only an Estimate 
GOS and its advisers make no representation, warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy of the 
information contained in this RFSQ or issued by way of addenda. Any quantities shown or data 
contained in this RFSQ or provided by way of addenda are estimates only and are for the sole purpose of 
indicating to Proponents the general scale and scope of the Deliverables. It is the Proponent’s 
responsibility to obtain all the information necessary to prepare a Response to this RFSQ. 
3.1.6 Proponents to Bear Their Own Costs 
The Proponent will bear all costs associated with or incurred in the preparation and presentation of its 
Response, including, if applicable, costs incurred for interviews or demonstrations. 
3.1.7 Response to be Retained by GOS 
GOS will not return the Response, or any accompanying documentation submitted by a Proponent. 
Page 11 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
3.1.8 Trade Agreements 
Proponents should note that procurements falling within the scope of one or more of: 
• The New West Partnership Trade Agreement; 
• The World Trade Organization Agreement on Government Procurement; 
• Chapter 19 of the Canada – European Union Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement, 
including its incorporation by reference into the Agreement on Trade Continuity between the 
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Canada; 
• Chapter 15 of the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership; or 
• Chapter 5 of the Canadian Free Trade Agreement; 
are subject to those trade agreements, but that the rights and obligations of the parties will be governed 
by the specific terms of this RFSQ. 
3.1.9 No Guarantee of Volume of Work or Exclusivity of Agreement 
This RFSQ process will not result in any commitment by GOS to purchase any goods or services from any 
Proponent. While GOS intends to conduct an invitational second-stage competitive process for the 
procurement of the Deliverables, it is under no obligation to do so and GOS may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, choose not to proceed with a second-stage competitive process for the procurement of the 
Deliverables. GOS makes no guarantee of the value or volume of Deliverables that may be required. Any 
Agreement entered into pursuant to an invitational second-stage competitive process will not be an 
exclusive contract for the provision of the described Deliverables. GOS may contract with others for 
goods and services the same as or similar to the Deliverables or may obtain such goods and services 
internally. 
3.1.10 Evaluation Committee 
Evaluation of Responses will be by a committee formed by the GOS, which may include employees, 
consultants, and contractors of GOS. 
3.2 Communication after Issuance of RFSQ 
3.2.1 Proponents to Review RFSQ 
Proponents should promptly examine all of the documents comprising this RFSQ and may direct 
questions in writing or seek additional information to the RFSQ Contact on or before the Deadline for 
Questions. No such communications are to be directed to anyone other than the RFSQ Contact. GOS is 
under no obligation to provide additional information, and GOS is not responsible for any information 
provided by or obtained from any source other than the RFSQ Contact. It is the responsibility of the 
Proponent to seek clarification from the RFSQ Contact on any matter it considers to be unclear. GOS is 
not responsible for any misunderstanding on the part of the Proponent concerning this RFSQ or its 
process. 
3.2.2 All New Information to Proponents by Way of Addenda 
This RFSQ may be amended only by addendum in accordance with this section. If GOS, for any reason, 
determines that it is necessary to provide additional information relating to this RFSQ, such information 
Page 12 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
will be communicated to all Proponents by addendum. Any information obtained in a method other 
than an addendum should not be relied upon. Each addendum forms an integral part of this RFSQ and 
may contain important information, including significant changes to this RFSQ. Proponents are 
responsible for obtaining all addenda issued by GOS. 
3.2.3 Post-Deadline Addenda and Extension of Response Deadline 
If GOS determines that it is necessary to issue an addendum after the Deadline for Issuing Addenda, GOS 
may extend the Response Deadline for a reasonable period of time. 
3.2.4 Verify, Clarify and Supplement 
When evaluating Responses, GOS may at its sole discretion request further information from the 
Proponent or third parties in order to verify, clarify or supplement the information provided in a 
Response. The Response received by GOS shall, if accepted by GOS, form an integral part of the 
Proponent’s Response. 
GOS may consider information independently obtained by GOS about the Proponent or its Response in 
the course of GOS’s own due diligence, including any previous dealings or experience by it or others, if 
any, with a Proponent. 
3.2.5 Time Disputes 
In the event of a dispute regarding time, GOS’s time clock will govern. 
3.3 Notification and Debriefing 
3.3.1 Notification to Successful Proponents  
The successful Proponents selected by GOS to be included on a prequalified suppliers list in accordance 
with the process set out in the Evaluation of Responses (Part 2) will be so notified by GOS. 
3.3.2 Notification to Other Proponents 
Once the selected Proponents have been notified, the other Proponents will be notified by GOS of the 
outcome of the RFSQ process. 
3.3.3 Debriefing 
Proponents who provide a Response may request a debriefing after receipt of a notification of the 
outcome of the procurement process. All requests must be made in writing to the RFSQ Contact within 
thirty (30) calendar days of such notification. The intent of the debriefing information session is to aid 
the Proponent in presenting a better Response in subsequent procurement opportunities. 
3.4 Conflict of Interest and Prohibited Conduct 
3.4.1 Conflict of Interest 
GOS may disqualify a Proponent or take any other action it deems appropriate in its sole discretion, for 
any conduct, situation or circumstances, determined by GOS, in its sole and absolute discretion, to 
constitute a Conflict of Interest.  
Page 13 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
For the purposes of this RFSQ, “Conflict of Interest” includes any situation or circumstance where, in 
relation to a GOS procurement competition, a participating Proponent has an unfair advantage, a 
perception of an unfair advantage or engages in conduct, directly or indirectly, that may give it an unfair 
advantage, including: 
(a) having, or having access to, information in the preparation of its Response that is not available to 
other Proponents, but such does not include information a Proponent may have obtained in the 
past performance of a contract with a public entity, including GOS, that is not related to the 
creation, implementation or evaluation of this or a related procurement competition;  
(b) communicating with any person with a view to influencing preferred treatment in this procurement 
competition (including but not limited to the lobbying of decision makers involved in this 
procurement competition); or 
(c) engaging in conduct that compromises, or could be seen to compromise, the integrity of the open 
and competitive procurement competition or renders that competition non-competitive, less 
competitive, or unfair. 
All Proponents should advise GOS in writing whether it has any actual, potential or perceived Conflict of 
Interest, and if so, the nature of each Conflict of Interest. A Proponent may, in the sole discretion of 
GOS, be disqualified from this RFSQ process if a Proponent is found to have a Conflict of Interest. 
3.4.2 Disqualification for Prohibited Conduct 
GOS may disqualify a Proponent, terminate a contract subsequently entered into, or take such other 
action it may deem appropriate if GOS, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the 
Proponent has engaged in any conduct prohibited by this RFSQ. 
3.4.3 Prohibited Proponent Communications 
Proponents should not engage in any communications that could constitute a Conflict of Interest.  
3.4.4 Proponent Not to Communicate with Media 
Proponents should not at any time directly or indirectly communicate with the media in relation to this 
RFSQ or any Agreement entered into pursuant to this RFSQ without first obtaining the written 
permission of the RFSQ Contact. 
3.4.5 No Lobbying 
Proponents should not, in relation to this RFSQ or the evaluation and selection process, engage directly 
or indirectly in any form of political or other lobbying whatsoever to influence the selection of the 
Proponent(s). 
3.4.6 Employee Responses 
GOS employees (as a Proponent or a proposed resource) may be ineligible to enter into an Agreement. 
3.4.7 Illegal or Unethical Conduct 
Proponents are not to engage in any illegal business practices, including activities such as bid-rigging, 
price-fixing, bribery, fraud, coercion or collusion. Proponents are not to engage in any unethical conduct, 
including lobbying, as described above, or other inappropriate communications; offering gifts to any 
Page 14 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
employees, officers, agents, elected or appointed officials or other representatives of GOS; 
deceitfulness; providing Responses that contain misrepresentations or other misleading or inaccurate 
information; or any other conduct that compromises or may be seen to compromise the competitive 
process provided for in this RFSQ. 
3.4.8 Past Performance or Past Conduct  
GOS may prohibit a Proponent from participating in this or future procurement processes based on past 
performance or based on inappropriate conduct in a prior procurement process, including but not 
limited to the following:  
(a) illegal or unethical conduct as described above;  
(b) the refusal of the Proponent to honour its submitted pricing or other commitments; or  
(c) any conduct, situation or circumstance determined by GOS, in its sole and absolute discretion, to 
have constituted an undisclosed Conflict of Interest; 
(d) or otherwise outlined in the CFTA. 
3.5 Confidential Information 
3.5.1 Confidential Information of GOS 
All information provided by or obtained from GOS in any form in connection with this RFSQ either 
before or after the issuance of this RFSQ 
(a) is the sole property of GOS and must be treated as confidential; 
(b) is not to be used for any purpose other than replying to this RFSQ and the performance of any 
subsequent Agreement for the Deliverables; 
(c) must not be disclosed without prior written authorization from GOS; and 
(d) must be returned by the Proponent to GOS immediately upon the request of GOS. 
3.5.2 Confidential Information of Proponent 
Responses will be accepted in confidence, as they contain financial, commercial, scientific, technical 
and/or labour relations information, except as may be otherwise provided herein. The confidentiality of 
such information will be maintained by GOS, except as otherwise required by law or by order of a court 
or tribunal, or by regulatory order of the Government of Saskatchewan, including but not limited to, the 
Crown Investment Corporation of Saskatchewan and other agencies or ministries of government 
including its boards, commissions or panels. Proponents are particularly advised that GOS is subject to 
legal requirements that may require disclosure of Response information including, without limitation, 
under The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (Saskatchewan). Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, GOS reporting requirements may result in the public disclosure of the Agreement to the 
Successful Supplier(s).  
Proponents are advised that their Responses will, as necessary, be disclosed, on a confidential basis, to 
advisers retained by GOS, and/or to Crown corporations (as defined in The Crown Corporations Act, 
1993) and GOS agencies or ministries, including its boards, commissions or panels, to advise or assist 
with the RFSQ process, including the evaluation of responses. If a Proponent has any questions about 
Page 15 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
the collection and use of personal information pursuant to this RFSQ, questions are to be submitted to 
the RFSQ Contact. 
3.6 Procurement Process Non-binding 
3.6.1 No Contract A and No Claims 
This procurement process is not intended to create and will not create a formal, legally binding bidding 
process and will instead be governed by the law applicable to direct commercial negotiations. For 
greater certainty and without limitation:  
(a) this RFSQ will not give rise to any Contract A – based tendering law duties or any other legal 
obligations arising out of any process contract or collateral contract; and  
(b) neither the Proponent nor GOS will have the right to make any claims (in contract, tort, or 
otherwise) against the other with respect to the award of a contract, failure to award a contract or 
failure to honour a response provided in Response to this RFSQ. 
3.6.2 Cancellation 
GOS may cancel or amend the RFSQ process without liability at any time. 
3.7 Governing Law and Interpretation 
These Terms and Conditions of the RFSQ Process (Part 3): 
(a) are intended to be interpreted broadly and independently (with no particular provision intended to 
limit the scope of any other provision); 
(b) are non-exhaustive and must not be construed as intending to limit the pre-existing rights of the 
parties to engage in pre-contractual discussions in accordance with the common law governing 
direct commercial negotiations; and 
(c) are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Saskatchewan 
and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
[End of Part 3] 
  
Page 16 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
APPENDIX A -  RFSQ PARTICULARS 
A. BACKGROUND 
The data management and analytics efforts within ITD have historically focused on establishing common 
technology services for the executive Ministries within the Government of Saskatchewan. This included 
the creation of the enterprise Operational Reporting Service (eORS) for establishing data repositories 
with basic query and reporting capabilities. Advanced analytics capabilities have also been pursued 
through cross-ministry collaboration. These investments have had various levels of adoption and 
success.  
Continued research into industry practices as well as participation in public service organization 
discussions with peers across Canada have highlighted the need to focus beyond the delivery of 
common technologies. The critical success factors in reaching data and analytics objectives require focus 
in four key areas: 
• Leadership and collaborative governance 
• Organizational culture 
• Data management competencies and capacity 
• Service delivery and technology infrastructure 
The current Government of Saskatchewan contract for service delivery and technology infrastructure for 
the operational reporting and analytics (eORS) environment is expiring. The approach for continuing 
these technical capabilities will include considerations for the broader set of critical capabilities 
highlighted above. 
In addition to meeting current service delivery objectives, the on-going reporting and analytics 
capabilities of these services need to keep pace with innovation in both technical capabilities as well as 
common processes. This includes recognizing the opportunities for efficiency benefits in establishing 
common approaches and associated technical capabilities of managing data.  
The continuous improvement in data management practices to maintain high data protection standards 
and responsible use requires further investments in data governance. To date, the technical services 
have focused on fundamental reporting, dashboards and analytics. Future value opportunities are 
envisioned with a broader set of capabilities including data stewardship, data quality management, data 
masking (anonymization), and advanced analysis. 
These investments ultimately provide the ability to improve service delivery to the citizens in the 
province, the effectiveness of government programs, and economic outcomes envisioned in the 2030 
Saskatchewan Growth plan. 
In support of the outcomes and objectives for improved data management, as well as expanding access 
to IT Sector innovation and expertise, a new operating model has been envisioned within Saskatchewan. 
This includes relationships and interactions between the respective government organizations, GOS ITD, 
technology platform and data management and analytic consulting providers as depicted in the diagram 
below: 
Page 17 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
    
This RFSQ-0586 Information Management Technology Consulting Services, as well as the associated RFP-
0575 Information Management Technology Platform seeks to enable the proposed operating model as 
depicted in the diagram that follows: 
 

Page 18 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
 
 
Proponents are encouraged to refer to the associated RFP-0575 Information Management Technology 
Platform to further understand the services expected under that Request for Proposals in context of this 
RFSQ. The resulting pre-qualified lists from this procurement process are designed to facilitate ministry 
requirements and allow users to obtain qualified support in a timely manner. 
B. THE DELIVERABLES 
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking Proponents that can provide one (1) or more of the 
following categories for Information Management Technology Consulting Services on an “as required” 
basis: 
B.1 Data Governance 
B.2 Business Transformation 

Page 19 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
B.3 Data Management Support 
B.4 Analytics: Reporting and Business Intelligence (BI) Dashboards 
B.5 Advanced analytics: Data Science, AI/ML  
B.6 Data Integration and Interoperability 
The “as required” services may range from short term consulting on specific topic areas to larger project 
and initiative facilitation, participation and/or implementation. 
For clarity, Proponents are encouraged to respond to each service category they feel qualified to 
provide. Proponents do not have to respond to all categories to qualify. 
A service overview of each category is provided below, with further requirements in the service specific 
Appendix I – Rated Criteria Spreadsheet. 
Proponents should note in responding to the specific sections, the follow criteria are considered 
important: 
• Experience: Experience in engagements related to the services and deliverables mentioned. 
• Timeliness: The Successful Supplier(s) will be able to demonstrate their ability to conduct the 
services in an efficient and timely manner, with particular attention to deadlines. This also 
includes the ability to provide depth in capacity, having the necessary skillsets, and capability to 
draw from. 
• Understanding our Industry: The depth of knowledge of the industry (government sector) will 
be an important part of providing quality service. 
Services Overview 
B.1 Data Governance 
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking qualified Proponents to perform “Data Governance” 
related consulting services. This can include establishing direction, providing guidance oversight for the 
on-going practices involving roles, responsibilities, policies, standards, processes, procedures for using 
and managing data across the Government of Saskatchewan. Ultimately the efforts support evidence-
based business decisions that achieve organizational outcomes. 
The services and associated deliverables could include, but are not limited to:  
a) Designing an organization's enterprise data management framework of roles, responsibilities 
and practices, aligned with enterprise strategy and business architecture. 
b) Guiding and enhancing the development of cross organizational data governance working 
groups and decision authorities in charge of planning and determining initiative priorities 
including making recommendations for specific data management projects. 
c) Developing or refining data principles, policy, process/procedures (for legislative or regulatory 
compliance), rules, standards, and best practices.  
d) Facilitating, providing direction, guiding and assisting the development or refinement in one or 
more of the following key data management practice areas, including but not limited to:  
• Accountability and data stewardship – Establishing data trustees or custodians accountable 
or responsible for managing data quality, protection, access, reuse, and lifecycles. Guiding 
Page 20 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
business and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) for co-ownership of responsibilities to deliver 
and maintain service levels to meet Ministry requirements. 
• Data privacy and protection - Engaging with the respective government organization and IT 
Security team for aligning access controls, legislative and regulatory compliance, sensitivity 
classification, data masking, data encryption, and backup/recovery processes. 
• Data ethics – Ensuring and maintaining practices for the ethical use and management of 
data, including: 
o Data practices for collecting, generating, analyzing and disseminating data to ensure 
compliance with regulatory requirements and rules for proper conduct. 
o Addressing and recommending concepts of right and wrong conduct with collecting, 
generating, analyzing and disseminating data owned by a citizen. 
• Data inventories and metadata management – Establishing and publishing data catalogues 
and information used to categorize, classify and describe data repositories. 
• Data quality management – Establishing or directing efforts to assess, improve, and 
implement maintenance controls to ensure data is current, accurate, complete, consistent, 
unique, and trusted. 
• Data lifecycle management – Facilitating or refining data retention, archival, and disposition 
practices. 
• Master data management – Facilitating, establishing and maintaining the core critical 
common data within the respective organizations. 
 
B.2 Business Transformation 
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking qualified Proponents to perform “Business Transformation” 
consulting services associated with data management and analytics that enable change in business 
operations to achieve desired business outcomes. 
The services and associated deliverables can include but are not limited to:   
a) Facilitating the development of innovative data strategies for current vs. future direction for 
managing data, and strategic roadmaps that drive effectiveness and deliver against the services 
and program outcomes of the Ministries. 
b) Develop business cases and funding requests, based on experience and supplier’s success 
stories, that identify business value opportunities within each Ministry data domain that 
improves their data management practices, and use of data in achieving their program 
objectives.  
c) Performing data maturity assessments of current (‘as-is’) state capabilities with managing data 
assets, and to specify the desired (‘to-be’) states that facilitate continuous improvement 
towards required levels of data management and analytics capabilities. Perform tactical 
planning to develop and maintain phased roadmaps of sequenced activities with dependencies 
and relationships. 
d) Assistance in increasing the maturity of current data cultures and data literacy, ensuring the 
respective organization is using evidence based data to derive insights for decision-making. 
e) Perform organizational change management (OCM) using concerted and collaborative efforts to 
achieve maturing data management practices. This includes establishing change management 
strategies, plans, educational materials and facilitating change across the Government of 
Saskatchewan. 
Page 21 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
f) Consulting, coaching, mentoring, educating, training on data management disciplines to data 
practitioners within Ministries across the Government of Saskatchewan (as required). 
B.3 Data Management Support 
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking qualified Proponents to perform “Data Management 
Support” services that design, plan, monitor, and improve data management functions and/or support 
specific projects and initiatives aligned to data management strategies.  
The services and associated deliverables in support of specific business initiatives and project solutions 
can include but are not limited to:   
a) Expertise to introduce modern conceptual/logical architecture designs for data that utilizes 
and/or influences defined GOS technology platform services (aligned with RFP-0575 Information 
Management Technology Platform). This may include using current and/or establishing future 
patterns and models such as data products, Data as a Product (DaaP), data pipelines, data 
fabrics, data meshs, etc.  
b) Developing an inventory of data assets by data domain (subject) and increase overall data 
literacy and awareness. This includes documentation of architecture models, data assets and 
catalogs, attributes (such as sensitivity classifications), business glossaries, data dictionaries, 
information flows and data lineages. 
B.4 Analytics: Reporting and Business Intelligence (BI) Dashboards 
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking qualified Proponents to provide services in support of 
projects and initiatives focused on fundamental reporting, descriptive analytics, diagnostic analytics and 
business intelligence dashboard development. Engaging with the respective government organization 
and the GOS data management and analytics service teams, the services and associated deliverables can 
include but are not limited to:   
a) Aligning data architecture and data analysis services that support current GOS enterprise data 
analytics service offerings (includes reporting and business intelligence dashboards). Consulting 
can include influencing further technical platform capability development for GOS technology 
platform services (provisioned through the associated RFP-0575 Information Management 
Technology Platform). 
b) Facilitating data preparation activities such as collection/capture/creation, discovery, 
combining, structuring, organizing, enriching, profiling, transforming, consolidating, and curating 
data in support of the analytics objectives. 
c) Providing expertise, guidance and knowledge transfer to the business in the use of Descriptive 
Analytics techniques (to describe the current situation and identify trends and patterns). 
d) Providing expertise, guidance and knowledge transfer to the business in the use of Diagnostic 
Analytics techniques (using historical data to discover the reasons for previous performance). 
B.5 Advanced Analytics: Data Science, AI/ML  
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking qualified Proponents to provide services in support of 
projects and initiatives focused on advanced analytics initiatives including use of predictive, prescriptive, 
machine learning (ML) and/or artificial intelligence analytics capabilities. Engaging with the respective 
government organization and the GOS data management and analytics service teams, the services and 
associated deliverables can include but are not limited to: 
Page 22 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
a) Aligning data architecture and advanced data analysis services that support current GOS 
enterprise data analytics service offerings (includes reporting and business intelligence 
dashboards). Consulting can include influencing further technical platform capability 
development for GOS technology platform services (provisioned through the associated RFP-
0575 Data Management and Technology Platform Services). 
b) Facilitating data preparation activities such as collection/capture/creation, discovery, 
combining, structuring, organizing, enriching, profiling, transforming, consolidating, and curating 
data in support of the analytics objectives.  
c) Providing expertise, guidance and knowledge transfer to the business in the use of current GOS 
data science capabilities. 
d) Providing expertise, guidance and knowledge transfer to the business in the use of Predictive 
Analytics (using a variety of methods, such as forecasting, statistical modeling, analytical 
modeling, cognitive analysis, sentiment analysis and machine learning). 
e) Providing expertise, guidance and knowledge transfer to the business in the use of Prescriptive 
Analytics (using artificial intelligence, machine learning, algorithms, and business rules). 
B.6 Data Integration and Interoperability 
The Government of Saskatchewan is seeking qualified Proponents to provide services in support of 
projects and initiatives requiring data integration and/or data interoperability planning and 
implementation. Engaging with our GOS Integration service team by aligning data architecture and data 
analysis services that support our current enterprise data integration service offering, the services and 
associated deliverables can include but are not limited to:   
a) Planning and designing data integration and interoperability requirements. 
b) Facilitating data preparation activities such as collection/capture/creation, discovery, 
combining, structuring, organizing, enriching, profiling, transforming, consolidating, and curating 
data in support of the analytics objectives.  
c) Performing and supporting Extract, Transform, Load (ETL or ELT) processes. 
d) Performing and supporting Enterprise Information Integration processes (consolidating or 
amalgamating data). 
e) Engaging GOS Enterprise Application Integration services (exchanging data between applications 
using APIs, web services, service bus, etc.) as required. 
MATERIAL DISCLOSURES 
Once on the prequalified list, and after the invitational second stage competitive process (reference 
PART 1 section 1.3.1), the Successful Supplier(s) will be required to enter into contract.  
For all categories, vendors will be expected to be able to conduct services on site when required. Travel 
costs will need to be pre-approved by GOS and paid out at current GOS rates. 
C. MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS 
The mandatory requirements are listed in APPENDIX D - MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS & SUBMISSION 
FORM. 
Page 23 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
D. RATED CRITERIA 
The following is an overview of the categories and weighting for the rated criteria of the RFSQ.  
Proponents who do not meet a minimum threshold score may not proceed to the next stage of the 
evaluation process. 
The following rated criteria need only be responded to once regardless of how many service categories 
are included in your Submission. 
D.1 Proponent Profile 5 5% 
D.2 Local / Industry Knowledge  20 20% 
D.3 Technical Knowledge  10 10% 
D.4 Proposed Approach to Service  10 10% 
The following rated criteria need to be responded to for each service category included in your 
Submission 
D.5 Experience and Qualifications 30 30% 
D.6 Capacity to Deliver 15 15% 
D.7 Value Add-ons and Innovation   10 10% 
Total Points 100 100% 
D.1  Proponent Profile (5 Points) 
Each Proponent should provide the following in its Submission: 
D.1.1 Provide a brief introduction and overview of your company and its partnerships; particularly as 
they are related to the services outlined in Appendix A Section B Deliverables in this RFSQ. 
D.1.2 Provide details of any and all subcontracting or partnership arrangements proposed by the 
Proponent specifically relating to the provision of Services as described herein. Outline the nature of the 
proposed involvement and the nature of the relationship. 
D.1.3 Location of head office and any sub-offices. 
NOTE: The information asked for above should be provided for all Proponents partners and sub-
contractors included in Submission. 
D.2  Local / Industry Knowledge (20 Points) 
GOS and its Ministry stakeholders are interested in understanding the Service Provider’s experience with 
the Government of Saskatchewan, or comparable entity, as it relates to the business of public service.  
Specifically, proponents are asked to highlight any knowledge of existing Government of Saskatchewan 
Ministries or Organizations, Programs or Operations.  
In addition, the Service Provider's current knowledge of Federal or Provincial Acts and Regulations 
pertaining to data is considered an asset as well. 
Each Proponent should provide the following in its Submission: 
Page 24 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
D.2.1 Outline your organization’s experience and knowledge of Government of Saskatchewan’s (or 
comparable entity) business and operations. Indicate the relative timelines in which this experience and 
knowledge has been acquired. 
D.2.2 Outline your organization’s experience and knowledge of public service organizations (Federal, 
Provincial, Municipal, Boards, Agencies or non -Profit). Indicate the relative timelines in which this 
experience and knowledge has been acquired. 
D.2.3 Outline your organization’s experience and knowledge of applicable Acts, Regulations, and 
Policies (Federal or Provincial) relating to data management and protection. Indicate how recent this 
knowledge has been acquired. 
D.2.4 Outline your organization’s experience and knowledge of specific private industries you feel 
are relevant to the services requested. 
D.3  Technical Knowledge (10 Points) 
GOS and its Ministry stakeholders are interested in understanding the Service Provider’s experience with 
the Government of Saskatchewan data management and analytics technology platforms, as well as 
knowledge modern and emerging technology capabilities and products in the solution industry. 
Familiarity with GOS technology products is considered an asset. Each Proponent should provide the 
following in its Submission: 
D.3.1 Outline your organization's experience in implementing and supporting IBM Infosphere data 
management and analytics solutions. 
D.3.2 Outline your organization's experience in implementing and supportin g IBM Cognos data 
management and analytics solutions. 
D.3.3 Outline your organization's experience in implementing and supporting Microsoft Power BI 
data management and analytics solutions. 
D.3.4 Outline your organization's experience in implementing and supporting ESRI ArcGIS Enterprise 
data management and analytics solutions. 
D.3.5 Highlight any Gold Partner (or equivalent) status your organization has in any data 
management and analytics solutions 
D.4  Proposed Approach to Service (10 Points) 
RFSQ Appendix A, Section B Background describes the roles of the primary stakeholder groups within 
the envisioned operating model for a data management and analytics "ecosystem". This model includes 
the government organizations (services consumers), a government oversight group (ITD), a technology 
platform services provider, and the "as required" consulting services providers (this RFSQ).   
As a consulting services provider, GOS is specifically interested in your organization's ability to develop 
strong relationships and cross collaboration with key stakeholders within vendor community, ITD, 
Ministries, Agencies.  
Each Proponent should provide the following in its Submission: 
D.4.1 Outline your approach for working within the envisioned operating model, indicating how you 
would approach relationship management and/or initiative oversight and governance. 
Page 25 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
D.4.2 Indicate your experience in working within a multi- vendor environment to a chieve common 
outcomes and using Enterprise Technology Services defined within those environments. 
D.5 to D.7 Service Categories Rated Criteria (total of 55 Points, each category) 
As described in Appendix A Section B Deliverables, six categories of data management services 
have been defined. These include: 
B.1 Data Governance 
B.2 Business Transformation 
B.3 Data Management Support 
B.4 Analytics: Reporting and Business Intelligence (BI) Dashboards 
B.5 Advanced analytics: Data Science, AI/ML  
B.6 Data Integration and Interoperability 
Proponents are requested to respond to the rated criteria for any or all of the six categories in which 
they have specific services that they can provide. Proponents do not have to respond to all categories. 
Proponents are asked to respond to the specific categories in which they wish to qualify for. 
Details of the rated criteria (D.5 -D.7) for each service category are available in the six sections 
(individual tabs) of the Appendix I Rated Criteria Spreadsheet. 
Generally, Responses that receive less than 70% of the points may be rejected after the evaluation of 
the written Response. The Evaluation Team will determine how many Responses, if any, will be short-
listed. 
Any Response ranked at the lower end of the scale in any of the criteria may be rejected. 
E. OTHER RATED CRITERIA 
Optional Rated Criteria Category (See PART 2) Weighting (Points) 
E.1 Interviews / Presentations 15 
E.2 Reference Checks 15 
Total Points 30 
 
Details for Other Rated Criteria will be provided to top-ranked Proponents as outlined in PART 2 of this 
RFSQ. 
F. RESPONSE GUIDELINES 
Responses should also include all the information requested, and be presented, in the order described 
below: 
Table of Contents 
A listing of the Response contents with reference to the appropriate page number. Page numbering and 
tabs are beneficial. 
Page 26 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
Letter of Introduction 
One page of introduction which should be dated and signed by an official authorized to negotiate, make 
commitments and provide clarifications with respect to the response on behalf of the Proponent.    
Executive Summary 
Provide a summary of the key features of your response. 
Forms 
Submission Form 
Each Response should include a Submission Form (Appendix B), or a document containing the 
information requested by the Submission Form, completed and signed by an authorized representative 
of the Proponent. 
Rated Criteria 
Proponents should include a response to each of the rated criteria (Section D of this Appendix and 
Appendix I attached to this competition) completed according to the instructions contained in the form. 
 
  
Page 27 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
APPENDIX C -  FORM OF AGREEMENT   
Proponents are asked to review Appendix C – Form of Agreement and state any requested deviations 
to this appendix as part of their submission. Suppliers that hold an active Ministry of SaskBuilds and 
Procurement (formerly Central Services) Master Terms and Conditions are not required to review this 
Appendix. 
  
Page 28 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
APPENDIX D - MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS & SUBMISSION FORM 
1. Mandatory Requirements  
Proponents should complete the following table: 
The Proponent agrees to the following: 
 
 
Yes No Pg.# 
Mandatory #1 - Service providers are required to review 
Appendix C, Form of Agreement and agree to one of the 
following: 
1.Yes, you accept the terms and conditions as outlined in the 
Appendix, or 
2.You provide a markup with requested changes to the 
Appendix, or 
3.You advise that you have a current SaskBuilds and 
Procurement (formerly Central Services) Master Terms and 
Conditions and agree that it will be used for any engagement 
resulting from this competition. 
   
Mandatory #2 - The Proponent confirms it has established 
Information Security Policies, Standards, and Specifications 
which align with ISO 27002:2013, or similar/equivalent, 
industry recognized code of practice for information security 
controls. These are outlined in Appendix G - Information 
Security 
   
 
  
Page 29 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
2. Proponent Information 
 
Please fill out the following form, naming one person to be the proponent’s contact for the RFS process 
and for any clarifications or communication that might be necessary.  
Full Legal Name of Proponent:    
Saskatchewan Business Registration Number:  
(or equivalent)  
  
Any Other Relevant Name under which 
Proponent Carries on Business:  
  
Street Address:    
City, Province/State:    
Postal Code:    
Phone Number:    
Company Website (if any):    
Proponent Contact   
Name and Title:  
  
Proponent Contact Phone:    
Proponent Contact Email:    
For reporting purposes only, businesses that meet all the below criteria are asked to check the following 
box to declare as a Saskatchewan Business.  
☐    -    Have a place of business in Saskatchewan. This place of business refers to an establishment 
where regular business activities are conducted on a permanent basis, is clearly identified by 
name and is accessible during normal business hours;  
• Employ Saskatchewan residents or sole proprietorship owned by a Saskatchewan 
resident; and  
• Be a registered business in Saskatchewan with an Information Services Corporation 
profile or equivalent.  
Physical Address of Saskatchewan Office:  ☐Same as Above  
☐Not Applicable  
☐Address (Provide Street, City, Postal Code):  
 
The Proponent acknowledges the RFSQ process will be governed by the terms and conditions of the 
RFSQ, and that, among other things, such terms and conditions confirm that this procurement process 
does not constitute a formal, legally binding bidding process (and for greater certainty, does not give 
rise to a Contract A bidding process contract), and that no legal relationship or obligation regarding the 
procurement of any good or service will be created between GOS and the Proponent unless and until  
GOS and the Proponent execute a written Agreement for the Deliverables. 
 
________________________________ ________________________________ 
Signature of Proponent Representative Title of Proponent Representative 
 
 
________________________________ ________________________________ 
Name of Proponent Representative Date 
Page 30 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
 
APPENDIX E -  DEFINITIONS 
Throughout this RFSQ, the following definitions apply: 
“Agreement” means the written contract between the top-ranked Proponent and His Majesty to 
provide the services contemplated by this RFSQ. 
“Client” (referring to ministry) means His Majesty the King in the right of the Province of Saskatchewan, 
as represented by the Ministry of SaskBuilds and Procurement. 
“Desirable” “Rated” “Should” means requirements that may have a degree of importance to be 
objectives of this RFSQ and may be rated. 
“Deliverables” means the functions, duties, tasks and responsibilities to be provided by the Proponent 
as described in this RFSQ. 
“Delivered Duty Paid” refers to a transaction where the seller pays for the total costs associated with 
transporting goods and is fully responsible for the goods until they are received and transferred to the 
buyer. This includes paying for costs, export and import duties, insurance and any other expenses 
incurred during shipping of the goods. The risks and charges are with the seller of the goods until 
delivery is made in the buyer’s country at an agreed-upon location.   
“Entity” refers to the Government of Saskatchewan, the province or ministries are used for administrative 
purposes and mean His Majesty the King in Right of the Province of Saskatchewan, as represented by the 
Minister of SaskBuilds and Procurement. 
“Evaluation Team” means the individuals who will evaluate the responses on behalf of the Government 
of Saskatchewan. 
“GST” means Goods and Services Tax (currently at 5%). 
“Mandatory” means requirements that are imperative and must be met in order for the response to 
receive consideration.  
“Proponent” means an individual or a company that provides, or intends to provide, a response to this 
RFSQ. 
“PST” means Saskatchewan Provincial Sales Tax (currently 6%). 
“Response” means the bid, proposal, or document provided by a Proponent in Response to the RFSQ. 
“RFSQ” means Request for Supplier Qualifications.  
“Successful Proponent” means the organization responding to this RFSQ who is determined to be 
successful in this competition and has been added to the prequalified supplier list by GOS. 
  
 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
 
saskatchewan.ca | sasktenders.ca  
 
 
 
APPENDIX F - ITD ENVIRONMENT  
The above-mentioned Appendix may be found as an attached document to this Competition. It lists 
ITD’s technology information environment and should be taken in consideration while building your 
submission.  
APPENDIX G - INFORMATION SECURITY  
The above-mentioned Appendix may be found as an attached document to this Competition. It lists 
ITD’s information security requirements and should be taken in consideration while building your 
submission.  
 
APPENDIX H - INFRASTRUCTURE AND ARCHITECTURE  
The above-mentioned Appendix may be found as an attached document to this Competition. It 
describes ITD’s considerations in regard to the Solution’s Infrastructure and Architecture requirements 
and should be taken in consideration while building your submission.  
 
APPENDIX I – RATED CRITERIA   
Rates Requirements is an attached spreadsheet describing the evaluation criteria for the desired 
elements of the solution/service from an information technology perspective. Your submission must 
contain the completed document in order to be evaluated. 
 
 
APPENDIX J – NOT REQUIRED  
 
APPENDIX K – NOT REQUIRED  
 
APPENDIX L – REFERENCE COPY OF RFP-0575  